Additionally , the analysis address the perceived reasons for reported discrimination experiences .
the analysis address the perceived reasons for reported discrimination experiences .
Additionally , the analysis address the perceived reasons .

“ What do you think was the main reason for these experiences ? ”
“ What do you think was the main reason ? ”

First , summary statistics of the study variables and racial categories were produced .
First , summary statistics of the racial categories and study variables were produced .

We also discuss aspects of the contact situation of the Eegimaa language .
We also discuss aspects of the contact situation .

These names are given either in Eegimaa or in a different language .
These names are given either in a different language or in Eegimaa .

In the 21st century this book is still used as one of the basic texts in modern Structural linguistics .
this book is still used as one of the basic texts in modern Structural linguistics .

In the 21st century this book is still used as one of the basic texts .
In the 21st century this book is still used in modern Structural linguistics .
In the 21st century this book is still used .

After his retirement in 1925 , Jespersen remained active in the international linguistic community .
Jespersen remained active in the international linguistic community .
After his retirement , Jespersen remained active in the international linguistic community .
After his retirement in 1925 , Jespersen remained active .
Jespersen remained active .

The wind whips her hair , ruffles the skirt around her knees .
The wind whips her hair , ruffles the skirt .

You walk through empty , miteless rooms , stepping around light fixtures .
You walk through rooms , stepping around light fixtures .

What are your thoughts on the job Barack Obama has done as president ?
What are your thoughts Barack Obama has done as president ?
What are your thoughts on the job Barack Obama has done ?

Oakland as a city reflects the amazing diversity of its residents and long history .
Oakland reflects the amazing diversity of its residents and long history .
Oakland as a city reflects the amazing diversity .
Oakland as a city reflects the amazing diversity of long history and its residents .

It has lots of local boutiques and a diverse range of food at all prices and styles .
It has lots of local boutiques and a diverse range of food .
It has a diverse range of food at all prices and styles and lots of local boutiques .
It has a diverse range of food and lots of local boutiques .

There are numerous places to stay to suit most budgets .
There are numerous places to stay .

You can purchase them online or at a local garden center .
You can purchase them .
You can purchase them at a local garden center or online .

Put some rocks around the pad to anchor it in place .
Put some rocks around the pad to anchor it .
Put some rocks around the pad .

If you want a specific product , try doing a online search to see where it is available locally .
try doing a online search to see where it is available locally .
If you want a specific product , try doing a online search .
If you want a specific product , try doing a online search to see where it is available .

If you have a large infestation , a cat may not be enough to totally get rid of it .
a cat may not be enough to totally get rid of it .
If you have a large infestation , a cat may not be enough .