
original sen: Because a race variable is not available from the Wave 4 interviews , we use the racial category reported by the respondent during the Wave 1 interview .
we use the racial category reported by the respondent during the Wave 1 interview , Because a race variable is not available from the Wave 4 interviews .

original sen: Although Dvořák was not aware of it , Johannes Brahms was the leading member of the jury and was highly impressed .
Johannes Brahms was the leading member of the jury and was highly impressed , Although Dvořák was not aware of it .

original sen: While in the United States , Dvořák wrote his two most successful orchestral works : the Symphony From the New World , which spread his reputation worldwide , [ 4 ] and his Cello Concerto , one of the most highly regarded of all cello concerti .
Dvořák wrote his two most successful orchestral works : the Symphony From the New World , which spread his reputation worldwide , [ 4 ] and his Cello Concerto , one of the most highly regarded of all cello concerti , While in the United States .

original sen: While in the U.S. , he took occasion to study the country 's educational system .
he took occasion to study the country 's educational system , While in the U.S. .

original sen: If you do not receive the Republican nomination , would you consider running as a third party candidate ?
would you consider running as a third party candidate , If you do not receive the Republican nomination ?

original sen: If elected , what would constitute a successful presidency for you ?
what would constitute a successful presidency for you , If elected ?

original sen: While Pride and Prejudice will attract many readers , I do n't know about O'Reilly 's latest tome on XML ... though I might be wrong .
I do n't know about O'Reilly 's latest tome on XML ... though I might be wrong , While Pride and Prejudice will attract many readers .

original sen: while you 're unlikely to cause offense if you do , you may well look slightly strange .
you may well look slightly strange , while you 're unlikely to cause offense if you do .

original sen: If you want chocolate cupcakes , add cocoa ( about 1/2 cup ) to this stage .
add cocoa ( about 1/2 cup ) to this stage , If you want chocolate cupcakes .

original sen: If you are n't certain , turn off the oven earlier and let them sit for a few more minutes rather than bake them into rocks .
turn off the oven earlier and let them sit for a few more minutes rather than bake them into rocks , If you are n't certain .

original sen: If using a silicone cupcake sheet , simply have it ready .
simply have it ready , If using a silicone cupcake sheet .

original sen: If you want a specific product , try doing a online search to see where it is available locally .
try doing a online search to see where it is available locally , If you want a specific product .

original sen: Even if you do not have a cat , you can use used kitty litter to deter mice .
you can use used kitty litter to deter mice , Even if you do not have a cat .

original sen: If you have a large infestation , a cat may not be enough to totally get rid of it .
a cat may not be enough to totally get rid of it , If you have a large infestation .

original sen: If you keep the cans away from the house , they are less likely to take up residence in your home .
they are less likely to take up residence in your home , If you keep the cans away from the house .
