
original sen: The prevalence of discrimination across racial groups in contemporary America :
The prevalence of discrimination across racial groups :
The prevalence of discrimination :
The prevalence :

original sen: Results from a nationally representative sample of adults
Results from a nationally representative sample
Results

original sen: Personal experiences of discrimination and bias have been the focus of much social science research . [ 1 - 3 ]
Personal experiences have been the focus of much social science research . [ 1 - 3 ]
Personal experiences of discrimination and bias have been the focus of much social science research . [ 1 ]
Personal experiences have been the focus . [ 1 ]
Personal experiences of discrimination and bias have been the focus . [ 1 - 3 ]
Personal experiences have been the focus of much social science research . [ 1 ]
Personal experiences of discrimination and bias have been the focus . [ 1 ]
Personal experiences have been the focus . [ 1 - 3 ]

original sen: Sociologists have explored the adverse consequences of discrimination [ 3 – 5 ] ;
Sociologists have explored the adverse consequences of discrimination [ 3 ] ;
Sociologists have explored the adverse consequences [ 3 – 5 ] ;
Sociologists have explored the adverse consequences [ 3 ] ;

original sen: neuroscientists have examined the neurobiological underpinnings of discrimination [ 7 – 9 ] ;
neuroscientists have examined the neurobiological underpinnings [ 7 – 9 ] ;
neuroscientists have examined the neurobiological underpinnings of discrimination [ 7 ] ;
neuroscientists have examined the neurobiological underpinnings [ 7 ] ;

original sen: In many respects , researchers already possess a wealth of knowledge concerning the origins and consequences of discrimination and bias . [ 11 ]
In many respects , researchers already possess a wealth concerning the origins and consequences of discrimination and bias . [ 11 ]
researchers already possess a wealth of knowledge . [ 11 ]
In many respects , researchers already possess a wealth of knowledge . [ 11 ]
In many respects , researchers already possess a wealth of knowledge concerning the origins and consequences . [ 11 ]
researchers already possess a wealth . [ 11 ]
researchers already possess a wealth of knowledge concerning the origins and consequences . [ 11 ]
In many respects , researchers already possess a wealth concerning the origins and consequences . [ 11 ]
researchers already possess a wealth concerning the origins and consequences . [ 11 ]
researchers already possess a wealth of knowledge concerning the origins and consequences of discrimination and bias . [ 11 ]
In many respects , researchers already possess a wealth . [ 11 ]
researchers already possess a wealth concerning the origins and consequences of discrimination and bias . [ 11 ]

original sen: What also should not be lost in discussion of discrimination is the growing push to implement social policy aimed at reducing the occurrence of discriminatory practices .
What also should not be lost in discussion is the growing push to implement social policy aimed at reducing the occurrence .
What also should not be lost in discussion of discrimination is the growing push to implement social policy aimed at reducing the occurrence .
What also should not be lost is the growing push to implement social policy aimed at reducing the occurrence .
What also should not be lost in discussion is the growing push to implement social policy aimed at reducing the occurrence of discriminatory practices .
What also should not be lost is the growing push to implement social policy aimed at reducing the occurrence of discriminatory practices .

original sen: Mandatory diversity trainings in professional settings , for example , are intended to reduce bias in the workplace by increasing the awareness of employees regarding the challenges facing minority group members . [ 12 ]
Mandatory diversity trainings in professional settings , are intended to reduce bias in the workplace by increasing the awareness . [ 12 ]
Mandatory diversity trainings in professional settings , are intended to reduce bias by increasing the awareness regarding the challenges facing minority group members . [ 12 ]
Mandatory diversity trainings , for example , are intended to reduce bias by increasing the awareness . [ 12 ]
Mandatory diversity trainings , for example , are intended to reduce bias in the workplace by increasing the awareness of employees regarding the challenges facing minority group members . [ 12 ]
Mandatory diversity trainings , for example , are intended to reduce bias in the workplace by increasing the awareness regarding the challenges facing minority group members . [ 12 ]
Mandatory diversity trainings , for example , are intended to reduce bias in the workplace by increasing the awareness . [ 12 ]
Mandatory diversity trainings in professional settings , for example , are intended to reduce bias in the workplace by increasing the awareness . [ 12 ]
Mandatory diversity trainings , are intended to reduce bias in the workplace by increasing the awareness regarding the challenges facing minority group members . [ 12 ]
Mandatory diversity trainings , are intended to reduce bias in the workplace by increasing the awareness of employees regarding the challenges facing minority group members . [ 12 ]
Mandatory diversity trainings , for example , are intended to reduce bias by increasing the awareness of employees . [ 12 ]
Mandatory diversity trainings , are intended to reduce bias by increasing the awareness regarding the challenges facing minority group members . [ 12 ]
Mandatory diversity trainings , for example , are intended to reduce bias by increasing the awareness of employees regarding the challenges facing minority group members . [ 12 ]
Mandatory diversity trainings , are intended to reduce bias by increasing the awareness . [ 12 ]
Mandatory diversity trainings in professional settings , for example , are intended to reduce bias in the workplace by increasing the awareness of employees . [ 12 ]
Mandatory diversity trainings in professional settings , are intended to reduce bias by increasing the awareness of employees . [ 12 ]
Mandatory diversity trainings , for example , are intended to reduce bias in the workplace by increasing the awareness of employees . [ 12 ]
Mandatory diversity trainings in professional settings , for example , are intended to reduce bias by increasing the awareness . [ 12 ]
Mandatory diversity trainings in professional settings , are intended to reduce bias by increasing the awareness of employees regarding the challenges facing minority group members . [ 12 ]
Mandatory diversity trainings in professional settings , for example , are intended to reduce bias by increasing the awareness of employees regarding the challenges facing minority group members . [ 12 ]
Mandatory diversity trainings , are intended to reduce bias in the workplace by increasing the awareness . [ 12 ]
Mandatory diversity trainings , are intended to reduce bias by increasing the awareness of employees regarding the challenges facing minority group members . [ 12 ]
Mandatory diversity trainings in professional settings , for example , are intended to reduce bias by increasing the awareness regarding the challenges facing minority group members . [ 12 ]
Mandatory diversity trainings , are intended to reduce bias by increasing the awareness of employees . [ 12 ]
Mandatory diversity trainings , for example , are intended to reduce bias by increasing the awareness regarding the challenges facing minority group members . [ 12 ]
Mandatory diversity trainings in professional settings , for example , are intended to reduce bias by increasing the awareness of employees . [ 12 ]
Mandatory diversity trainings in professional settings , are intended to reduce bias in the workplace by increasing the awareness of employees regarding the challenges facing minority group members . [ 12 ]
Mandatory diversity trainings , are intended to reduce bias in the workplace by increasing the awareness of employees . [ 12 ]
Mandatory diversity trainings in professional settings , for example , are intended to reduce bias in the workplace by increasing the awareness regarding the challenges facing minority group members . [ 12 ]
Mandatory diversity trainings in professional settings , are intended to reduce bias by increasing the awareness . [ 12 ]
Mandatory diversity trainings in professional settings , are intended to reduce bias in the workplace by increasing the awareness of employees . [ 12 ]
Mandatory diversity trainings in professional settings , are intended to reduce bias in the workplace by increasing the awareness regarding the challenges facing minority group members . [ 12 ]

original sen: Even so , estimates of the prevalence of perceived discrimination remains rare ( see [ 13 – 14 ] ) .
Even so , estimates of the prevalence remains rare ( see [ 13 ] ) .
Even so , estimates of the prevalence remains rare ( see [ 13 – 14 ] ) .
Even so , estimates remains rare ( see [ 13 – 14 ] ) .
Even so , estimates remains rare ( see [ 13 ] ) .
Even so , estimates of the prevalence of perceived discrimination remains rare ( see [ 13 ] ) .

original sen: The current study seeks to build on this research by estimating the prevalence of discrimination experiences among a large , nationally representative sample of adults from the United States .
The current study seeks to build by estimating the prevalence of discrimination experiences among a large , nationally representative sample .
The current study seeks to build on this research by estimating the prevalence of discrimination experiences among a large , nationally representative sample of adults .
The current study seeks to build by estimating the prevalence of discrimination experiences .
The current study seeks to build by estimating the prevalence of discrimination experiences among a large , nationally representative sample of adults .
The current study seeks to build on this research by estimating the prevalence .
The current study seeks to build by estimating the prevalence .
The current study seeks to build on this research by estimating the prevalence of discrimination experiences .
The current study seeks to build by estimating the prevalence of discrimination experiences among a large , nationally representative sample of adults from the United States .
The current study seeks to build on this research by estimating the prevalence of discrimination experiences among a large , nationally representative sample .

original sen: Additionally , the analysis address the perceived reasons for reported discrimination experiences .
Additionally , the analysis address the perceived reasons .

original sen: Reason for discrimination .
Reason .

original sen: All respondents who indicated they were discriminated against — specifically , those who responded with sometimes or often to the perceived discrimination measure described above — were asked the following question :
All respondents who indicated they were discriminated against — specifically , those who responded with sometimes or often — were asked the following question :

original sen: “ What do you think was the main reason for these experiences ? ”
“ What do you think was the main reason ? ”

original sen: Respondents were allowed to choose one response from 11 categories .
Respondents were allowed to choose one response .

original sen: For the present analysis , these responses were recoded into nine mutually exclusive categories capturing the following options :
For the present analysis , these responses were recoded :
these responses were recoded into nine mutually exclusive categories capturing the following options :
these responses were recoded :

original sen: The following categories from the original questionnaire were collapsed into one category for the analysis : race ; ancestry or national origin ; and shade of skin color .
The following categories from the original questionnaire were collapsed .
The following categories were collapsed into one category for the analysis : race ; ancestry or national origin ; and shade of skin color .
The following categories from the original questionnaire were collapsed into one category for the analysis : race ; ancestry or national origin ; and shade .
The following categories were collapsed .
The following categories from the original questionnaire were collapsed into one category .
The following categories were collapsed into one category for the analysis : race ; ancestry or national origin ; and shade .
The following categories were collapsed into one category .

original sen: Additionally , because this question was only asked of respondents who reported prior discrimination experiences , the built-in skip pattern resulted in a large number of cases scored as missing ( legitimate skip ) .
Additionally , because this question was only asked of respondents who reported prior discrimination experiences , the built-in skip pattern resulted in a large number of cases scored .
Additionally , because this question was only asked , the built-in skip pattern resulted in a large number of cases scored .
Additionally , because this question was only asked , the built-in skip pattern resulted in a large number .
Additionally , because this question was only asked of respondents who reported prior discrimination experiences , the built-in skip pattern resulted .
Additionally , because this question was only asked of respondents who reported prior discrimination experiences , the built-in skip pattern resulted in a large number .
Additionally , because this question was only asked , the built-in skip pattern resulted .
Additionally , because this question was only asked , the built-in skip pattern resulted in a large number of cases scored as missing ( legitimate skip ) .

original sen: Because a race variable is not available from the Wave 4 interviews , we use the racial category reported by the respondent during the Wave 1 interview .
Because a race variable is not available , we use the racial category reported during the Wave 1 interview .
Because a race variable is not available , we use the racial category reported by the respondent during the Wave 1 interview .
Because a race variable is not available from the Wave 4 interviews , we use the racial category reported .
Because a race variable is not available , we use the racial category reported .
Because a race variable is not available from the Wave 4 interviews , we use the racial category reported by the respondent .
Because a race variable is not available , we use the racial category reported by the respondent .
Because a race variable is not available from the Wave 4 interviews , we use the racial category reported during the Wave 1 interview .

original sen: In the current study , those respondents who indicated more than one race were coded as “ mixed race ” .
, those respondents who indicated more than one race were coded .
, those respondents who indicated more than one race were coded as “ mixed race ” .
In the current study , those respondents who indicated more than one race were coded .

original sen: To provide information on the analytical sample as a whole , two additional demographic variables are included .
To provide information on the analytical sample , two additional demographic variables are included .
To provide information as a whole , two additional demographic variables are included .
To provide information , two additional demographic variables are included .

original sen: First , age is a continuous measure created by subtracting the year of the respondents ' birth ( obtained from Wave 1 ) from the year of the interview at Wave 4 .
First , age is a continuous measure created by subtracting the year of the respondents ' birth ( obtained from Wave 1 ) .
First , age is a continuous measure created by subtracting the year from the year of the interview at Wave 4 .
First , age is a continuous measure created by subtracting the year of the respondents ' birth ( obtained ) .
First , age is a continuous measure created by subtracting the year of the respondents ' birth ( obtained from Wave 1 ) from the year .
First , age is a continuous measure created by subtracting the year of the respondents ' birth ( obtained ) from the year of the interview .
First , age is a continuous measure created by subtracting the year from the year of the interview .
First , age is a continuous measure created by subtracting the year from the year .
First , age is a continuous measure created by subtracting the year .
First , age is a continuous measure created by subtracting the year of the respondents ' birth ( obtained ) from the year .
First , age is a continuous measure created by subtracting the year of the respondents ' birth ( obtained ) from the year of the interview at Wave 4 .
First , age is a continuous measure created by subtracting the year of the respondents ' birth ( obtained from Wave 1 ) from the year of the interview .

original sen: First , summary statistics of the study variables and racial categories were produced .
First , summary statistics were produced .

original sen: Second , we examined the relative proportions of the two discrimination experience measures across each racial category .
Second , we examined the relative proportions of the two discrimination experience measures .
Second , we examined the relative proportions .

original sen: Finally , we assessed the distribution of reported reasons for discrimination across the racial categories .
Finally , we assessed the distribution across the racial categories .
Finally , we assessed the distribution of reported reasons for discrimination .
Finally , we assessed the distribution of reported reasons .
Finally , we assessed the distribution .
Finally , we assessed the distribution of reported reasons across the racial categories .

original sen: This final step also included an examination of the relative distribution of racial categories across the various reported reasons for discrimination .
This final step also included an examination of the relative distribution across the various reported reasons .
This final step also included an examination .
This final step also included an examination of the relative distribution across the various reported reasons for discrimination .
This final step also included an examination of the relative distribution of racial categories across the various reported reasons .
This final step also included an examination of the relative distribution .
This final step also included an examination of the relative distribution of racial categories .

original sen: We also discuss aspects of the contact situation of the Eegimaa language .
We also discuss aspects .
We also discuss aspects of the contact situation .

original sen: The map in Figure 1 , taken from Ethnologue , presents the languages of Senegal .
The map in Figure 1 , taken from Ethnologue , presents the languages .
The map in Figure 1 , taken , presents the languages .
The map , taken from Ethnologue , presents the languages .
The map , taken , presents the languages .
The map , taken , presents the languages of Senegal .
The map , taken from Ethnologue , presents the languages of Senegal .
The map in Figure 1 , taken , presents the languages of Senegal .

original sen: Mof-Ávvi is a peninsula bordered by the Casamance River to the north , which separates it from the Jóola Búluf and Jóola Fogny areas , and to the east by the villages Brin and Djibonker , where the speakers of Kujireray and Baïnounk Gubëeher live .
Mof-Ávvi is a peninsula bordered by the Casamance River to the north , which separates it , and to the east .
Mof-Ávvi is a peninsula bordered to the north , which separates it , and to the east by the villages Brin and Djibonker , where the speakers live .
Mof-Ávvi is a peninsula bordered .
Mof-Ávvi is a peninsula bordered to the north , which separates it , and to the east by the villages Brin and Djibonker , where the speakers of Kujireray and Baïnounk Gubëeher live .
Mof-Ávvi is a peninsula bordered to the north , which separates it from the Jóola Búluf and Jóola Fogny areas , and to the east by the villages Brin and Djibonker , where the speakers of Kujireray and Baïnounk Gubëeher live .
Mof-Ávvi is a peninsula bordered by the Casamance River to the north , which separates it , and to the east by the villages Brin and Djibonker , where the speakers live .
Mof-Ávvi is a peninsula bordered by the Casamance River to the north , which separates it , and to the east by the villages Brin and Djibonker , where the speakers of Kujireray and Baïnounk Gubëeher live .
Mof-Ávvi is a peninsula bordered to the north , which separates it , and to the east .
Mof-Ávvi is a peninsula bordered by the Casamance River to the north , which separates it from the Jóola Búluf and Jóola Fogny areas , and to the east by the villages Brin and Djibonker , where the speakers live .
Mof-Ávvi is a peninsula bordered by the Casamance River to the north , which separates it from the Jóola Búluf and Jóola Fogny areas , and to the east .
Mof-Ávvi is a peninsula bordered to the north , which separates it from the Jóola Búluf and Jóola Fogny areas , and to the east .
Mof-Ávvi is a peninsula bordered by the Casamance River .
Mof-Ávvi is a peninsula bordered to the north , which separates it from the Jóola Búluf and Jóola Fogny areas , and to the east by the villages Brin and Djibonker , where the speakers live .

original sen: The map in Figure 2 below , adapted from Palmeri and Gazio ( 1995 ) , shows a very approximate location of Mof-Ávvi in relation to other neighbouring speech communities .
The map , adapted from Palmeri and Gazio ( 1995 ) , shows a very approximate location of Mof-Ávvi in relation to other neighbouring speech communities .
The map in Figure 2 below , adapted , shows a very approximate location .
The map , adapted from Palmeri and Gazio ( 1995 ) , shows a very approximate location .
The map , adapted , shows a very approximate location of Mof-Ávvi in relation to other neighbouring speech communities .
The map , adapted , shows a very approximate location of Mof-Ávvi .
The map , adapted , shows a very approximate location .
The map in Figure 2 below , adapted from Palmeri and Gazio ( 1995 ) , shows a very approximate location in relation to other neighbouring speech communities .
The map , adapted from Palmeri and Gazio ( 1995 ) , shows a very approximate location of Mof-Ávvi in relation .
The map , adapted , shows a very approximate location in relation to other neighbouring speech communities .
The map in Figure 2 below , adapted , shows a very approximate location of Mof-Ávvi .
The map in Figure 2 below , adapted from Palmeri and Gazio ( 1995 ) , shows a very approximate location in relation .
The map in Figure 2 below , adapted , shows a very approximate location in relation .
The map , adapted from Palmeri and Gazio ( 1995 ) , shows a very approximate location of Mof-Ávvi .
The map in Figure 2 below , adapted , shows a very approximate location of Mof-Ávvi in relation to other neighbouring speech communities .
The map in Figure 2 below , adapted from Palmeri and Gazio ( 1995 ) , shows a very approximate location of Mof-Ávvi .
The map , adapted , shows a very approximate location of Mof-Ávvi in relation .
The map in Figure 2 below , adapted , shows a very approximate location in relation to other neighbouring speech communities .
The map , adapted , shows a very approximate location in relation .
The map in Figure 2 below , adapted , shows a very approximate location of Mof-Ávvi in relation .
The map , adapted from Palmeri and Gazio ( 1995 ) , shows a very approximate location in relation .
The map , adapted from Palmeri and Gazio ( 1995 ) , shows a very approximate location in relation to other neighbouring speech communities .
The map in Figure 2 below , adapted from Palmeri and Gazio ( 1995 ) , shows a very approximate location of Mof-Ávvi in relation .
The map in Figure 2 below , adapted from Palmeri and Gazio ( 1995 ) , shows a very approximate location .

original sen: The Eegimaa spoken in Mof-Ávvi is known by several names given by speakers of neighbouring languages .
The Eegimaa spoken is known .
The Eegimaa spoken in Mof-Ávvi is known by several names given by speakers .
The Eegimaa spoken is known by several names given by speakers of neighbouring languages .
The Eegimaa spoken in Mof-Ávvi is known by several names given .
The Eegimaa spoken is known by several names given .
The Eegimaa spoken is known by several names given by speakers .
The Eegimaa spoken in Mof-Ávvi is known .

original sen: For example , the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language of Essil ’ , is the name given by speakers of Kujireray to the Eegimaa language , because Essil , of which Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border with their village .
For example , the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language ’ , is the name given by speakers of Kujireray to the Eegimaa language , because Essil , of which Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border .
For example , the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language ’ , is the name given by speakers , because Essil , Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border .
the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language of Essil ’ , is the name given , because Essil , Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border .
the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language of Essil ’ , is the name given by speakers of Kujireray , because Essil , of which Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border with their village .
the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language of Essil ’ , is the name given by speakers , because Essil , of which Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border .
For example , the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language of Essil ’ , is the name given by speakers of Kujireray , because Essil , of which Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border with their village .
the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language of Essil ’ , is the name given by speakers , because Essil , of which Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border with their village .
the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language of Essil ’ , is the name given , because Essil , Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border with their village .
the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language ’ , is the name given by speakers of Kujireray to the Eegimaa language , because Essil , Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border with their village .
For example , the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language ’ , is the name given to the Eegimaa language , because Essil , of which Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border .
For example , the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language of Essil ’ , is the name given to the Eegimaa language , because Essil , of which Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border .
For example , the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language ’ , is the name given by speakers to the Eegimaa language , because Essil , of which Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border with their village .
For example , the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language ’ , is the name given by speakers of Kujireray , because Essil , Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border .
For example , the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language of Essil ’ , is the name given , because Essil , of which Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border .
For example , the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language of Essil ’ , is the name given by speakers , because Essil , Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border with their village .
For example , the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language ’ , is the name given by speakers to the Eegimaa language , because Essil , Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border .
For example , the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language of Essil ’ , is the name given , because Essil , Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border with their village .
the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language ’ , is the name given by speakers of Kujireray , because Essil , of which Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border .
the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language ’ , is the name given by speakers , because Essil , Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border with their village .
the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language of Essil ’ , is the name given by speakers to the Eegimaa language , because Essil , of which Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border with their village .
For example , the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language ’ , is the name given by speakers of Kujireray to the Eegimaa language , because Essil , Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border with their village .
the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language of Essil ’ , is the name given to the Eegimaa language , because Essil , Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border .
For example , the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language ’ , is the name given , because Essil , of which Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border .
the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language ’ , is the name given to the Eegimaa language , because Essil , of which Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border with their village .
For example , the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language of Essil ’ , is the name given to the Eegimaa language , because Essil , of which Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border with their village .
the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language ’ , is the name given by speakers to the Eegimaa language , because Essil , of which Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border with their village .
For example , the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language of Essil ’ , is the name given by speakers , because Essil , of which Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border .
the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language of Essil ’ , is the name given by speakers of Kujireray to the Eegimaa language , because Essil , Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border .
the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language of Essil ’ , is the name given by speakers to the Eegimaa language , because Essil , Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border with their village .
For example , the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language ’ , is the name given by speakers of Kujireray , because Essil , of which Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border with their village .
For example , the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language ’ , is the name given by speakers to the Eegimaa language , because Essil , Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border with their village .
the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language of Essil ’ , is the name given by speakers of Kujireray , because Essil , Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border .
the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language ’ , is the name given by speakers of Kujireray , because Essil , Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border with their village .
For example , the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language of Essil ’ , is the name given by speakers to the Eegimaa language , because Essil , Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border with their village .
the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language of Essil ’ , is the name given to the Eegimaa language , because Essil , Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border with their village .
For example , the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language ’ , is the name given by speakers , because Essil , of which Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border .
the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language ’ , is the name given by speakers to the Eegimaa language , because Essil , Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border .
For example , the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language ’ , is the name given by speakers of Kujireray to the Eegimaa language , because Essil , of which Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border with their village .
For example , the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language ’ , is the name given by speakers of Kujireray , because Essil , Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border with their village .
the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language of Essil ’ , is the name given by speakers of Kujireray to the Eegimaa language , because Essil , of which Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border with their village .
For example , the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language of Essil ’ , is the name given by speakers of Kujireray to the Eegimaa language , because Essil , of which Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border .
the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language of Essil ’ , is the name given by speakers of Kujireray to the Eegimaa language , because Essil , of which Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border .
the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language of Essil ’ , is the name given by speakers of Kujireray , because Essil , Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border with their village .
For example , the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language of Essil ’ , is the name given by speakers to the Eegimaa language , because Essil , Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border .
For example , the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language ’ , is the name given to the Eegimaa language , because Essil , Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border .
the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language of Essil ’ , is the name given , because Essil , of which Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border .
For example , the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language of Essil ’ , is the name given by speakers of Kujireray to the Eegimaa language , because Essil , Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border .
For example , the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language ’ , is the name given by speakers to the Eegimaa language , because Essil , of which Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border .
the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language of Essil ’ , is the name given by speakers of Kujireray , because Essil , of which Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border .
For example , the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language of Essil ’ , is the name given by speakers to the Eegimaa language , because Essil , of which Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border with their village .
the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language of Essil ’ , is the name given to the Eegimaa language , because Essil , of which Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border with their village .
For example , the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language of Essil ’ , is the name given , because Essil , of which Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border with their village .
For example , the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language of Essil ’ , is the name given by speakers , because Essil , of which Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border with their village .
the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language ’ , is the name given , because Essil , of which Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border with their village .
the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language ’ , is the name given , because Essil , Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border with their village .
the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language ’ , is the name given to the Eegimaa language , because Essil , Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border with their village .
For example , the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language ’ , is the name given by speakers of Kujireray , because Essil , of which Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border .
the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language ’ , is the name given to the Eegimaa language , because Essil , of which Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border .
the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language ’ , is the name given by speakers to the Eegimaa language , because Essil , Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border with their village .
the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language ’ , is the name given by speakers of Kujireray to the Eegimaa language , because Essil , of which Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border with their village .
For example , the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language of Essil ’ , is the name given by speakers of Kujireray , because Essil , Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border with their village .
For example , the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language of Essil ’ , is the name given by speakers of Kujireray to the Eegimaa language , because Essil , Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border with their village .
For example , the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language ’ , is the name given by speakers , because Essil , of which Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border with their village .
the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language ’ , is the name given by speakers of Kujireray , because Essil , Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border .
the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language ’ , is the name given by speakers of Kujireray to the Eegimaa language , because Essil , Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border .
the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language ’ , is the name given by speakers , because Essil , Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border .
the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language of Essil ’ , is the name given by speakers of Kujireray to the Eegimaa language , because Essil , Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border with their village .
For example , the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language of Essil ’ , is the name given by speakers to the Eegimaa language , because Essil , of which Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border .
For example , the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language of Essil ’ , is the name given , because Essil , Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border .
For example , the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language ’ , is the name given , because Essil , Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border .
For example , the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language of Essil ’ , is the name given to the Eegimaa language , because Essil , Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border with their village .
the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language ’ , is the name given by speakers , because Essil , of which Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border with their village .
the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language ’ , is the name given by speakers of Kujireray , because Essil , of which Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border with their village .
the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language ’ , is the name given , because Essil , Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border .
For example , the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language ’ , is the name given by speakers of Kujireray to the Eegimaa language , because Essil , Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border .
the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language of Essil ’ , is the name given by speakers , because Essil , Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border .
the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language of Essil ’ , is the name given by speakers , because Essil , Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border with their village .
For example , the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language of Essil ’ , is the name given by speakers of Kujireray , because Essil , of which Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border .
the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language ’ , is the name given by speakers of Kujireray to the Eegimaa language , because Essil , of which Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border .
the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language of Essil ’ , is the name given by speakers to the Eegimaa language , because Essil , of which Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border .
the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language ’ , is the name given , because Essil , of which Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border .
the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language ’ , is the name given by speakers , because Essil , of which Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border .
the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language of Essil ’ , is the name given to the Eegimaa language , because Essil , of which Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border .
For example , the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language of Essil ’ , is the name given by speakers of Kujireray , because Essil , Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border .
For example , the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language ’ , is the name given , because Essil , Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border with their village .
For example , the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language of Essil ’ , is the name given by speakers , because Essil , Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border .
For example , the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language of Essil ’ , is the name given to the Eegimaa language , because Essil , Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border .
For example , the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language ’ , is the name given to the Eegimaa language , because Essil , Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border with their village .
For example , the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language ’ , is the name given by speakers , because Essil , Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border with their village .
the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language of Essil ’ , is the name given by speakers to the Eegimaa language , because Essil , Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border .
For example , the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language ’ , is the name given to the Eegimaa language , because Essil , of which Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border with their village .
the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language ’ , is the name given by speakers to the Eegimaa language , because Essil , of which Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border .
the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language ’ , is the name given to the Eegimaa language , because Essil , Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border .
For example , the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language ’ , is the name given , because Essil , of which Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border with their village .
the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language of Essil ’ , is the name given , because Essil , of which Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border with their village .

original sen: Map of Senegal ( courtesy of Google maps )
Map ( courtesy of Google maps )
Map ( courtesy maps )
Map of Senegal ( courtesy maps )

original sen: The Ethnologue language codes are provided for language varieties that have them .
The Ethnologue language codes are provided .

original sen: Names of the villages of Mof-Ávvi are written using the Eegimaa orthography and following the pronunciation of village names by native speakers .
Names of the villages of Mof-Ávvi are written using the Eegimaa orthography and following the pronunciation of village names .
Names are written using the Eegimaa orthography and following the pronunciation .
Names are written using the Eegimaa orthography and following the pronunciation of village names by native speakers .
Names are written using the Eegimaa orthography and following the pronunciation of village names .
Names of the villages of Mof-Ávvi are written using the Eegimaa orthography and following the pronunciation .
Names of the villages are written using the Eegimaa orthography and following the pronunciation of village names .
Names of the villages are written using the Eegimaa orthography and following the pronunciation of village names by native speakers .
Names of the villages are written using the Eegimaa orthography and following the pronunciation .

original sen: They are located north of the Casamance River in the Jóola Búluf area .
They are located north .
They are located north of the Casamance River .
They are located north in the Jóola Búluf area .

original sen: There are also small migrant Eegimaa communities in villages like Djifanghor ( east of Ziguinchor ) and in Bourofaye ( south of Ziguinchor ) , where they cohabit with speakers of Baïnounk languages .
There are also small migrant Eegimaa communities in villages like Djifanghor ( east of Ziguinchor ) and in Bourofaye ( south of Ziguinchor ) , where they cohabit with speakers .
There are also small migrant Eegimaa communities in villages like Djifanghor ( east of Ziguinchor ) and in Bourofaye ( south ) , where they cohabit .
There are also small migrant Eegimaa communities in villages like Djifanghor ( east ) and in Bourofaye ( south ) , where they cohabit with speakers of Baïnounk languages .
There are also small migrant Eegimaa communities in villages like Djifanghor ( east ) and in Bourofaye ( south of Ziguinchor ) , where they cohabit with speakers of Baïnounk languages .
There are also small migrant Eegimaa communities in villages like Djifanghor ( east of Ziguinchor ) and in Bourofaye ( south ) , where they cohabit with speakers of Baïnounk languages .
There are also small migrant Eegimaa communities in villages like Djifanghor ( east ) and in Bourofaye ( south of Ziguinchor ) , where they cohabit with speakers .
There are also small migrant Eegimaa communities in villages like Djifanghor ( east of Ziguinchor ) and in Bourofaye ( south ) , where they cohabit with speakers .
There are also small migrant Eegimaa communities in villages like Djifanghor ( east ) and in Bourofaye ( south ) , where they cohabit with speakers .
There are also small migrant Eegimaa communities in villages like Djifanghor ( east ) and in Bourofaye ( south ) , where they cohabit .
There are also small migrant Eegimaa communities .
There are also small migrant Eegimaa communities in villages like Djifanghor ( east of Ziguinchor ) and in Bourofaye ( south of Ziguinchor ) , where they cohabit .
There are also small migrant Eegimaa communities in villages .
There are also small migrant Eegimaa communities in villages like Djifanghor ( east ) and in Bourofaye ( south of Ziguinchor ) , where they cohabit .

original sen: Speakers of Eegimaa use the term Gújjolaay ( meaning Jóola ) to refer to their language when they speak to each other , but Eegimaa to distinguish their Jóola variety from that of other Jóola peoples .
Speakers of Eegimaa use the term Gújjolaay ( meaning Jóola ) to refer to their language when they speak , but Eegimaa to distinguish their Jóola variety from that of other Jóola peoples .
Speakers of Eegimaa use the term Gújjolaay ( meaning Jóola ) to refer when they speak , but Eegimaa to distinguish their Jóola variety from that of other Jóola peoples .
Speakers use the term Gújjolaay ( meaning Jóola ) to refer to their language when they speak , but Eegimaa to distinguish their Jóola variety from that of other Jóola peoples .
Speakers use the term Gújjolaay ( meaning Jóola ) to refer when they speak , but Eegimaa to distinguish their Jóola variety from that .
Speakers of Eegimaa use the term Gújjolaay ( meaning Jóola ) to refer to their language when they speak , but Eegimaa to distinguish their Jóola variety from that .
Speakers of Eegimaa use the term Gújjolaay ( meaning Jóola ) to refer when they speak , but Eegimaa to distinguish their Jóola variety from that .
Speakers use the term Gújjolaay ( meaning Jóola ) to refer to their language when they speak , but Eegimaa to distinguish their Jóola variety .
Speakers of Eegimaa use the term Gújjolaay ( meaning Jóola ) to refer when they speak to each other , but Eegimaa to distinguish their Jóola variety .
Speakers use the term Gújjolaay ( meaning Jóola ) to refer when they speak to each other , but Eegimaa to distinguish their Jóola variety from that .
Speakers use the term Gújjolaay ( meaning Jóola ) to refer to their language when they speak to each other , but Eegimaa to distinguish their Jóola variety .
Speakers use the term Gújjolaay ( meaning Jóola ) to refer when they speak , but Eegimaa to distinguish their Jóola variety from that of other Jóola peoples .
Speakers use the term Gújjolaay ( meaning Jóola ) to refer when they speak to each other , but Eegimaa to distinguish their Jóola variety from that of other Jóola peoples .
Speakers of Eegimaa use the term Gújjolaay ( meaning Jóola ) to refer to their language when they speak to each other , but Eegimaa to distinguish their Jóola variety .
Speakers of Eegimaa use the term Gújjolaay ( meaning Jóola ) to refer when they speak to each other , but Eegimaa to distinguish their Jóola variety from that .
Speakers use the term Gújjolaay ( meaning Jóola ) to refer to their language when they speak , but Eegimaa to distinguish their Jóola variety from that .
Speakers of Eegimaa use the term Gújjolaay ( meaning Jóola ) to refer to their language when they speak to each other , but Eegimaa to distinguish their Jóola variety from that .
Speakers use the term Gújjolaay ( meaning Jóola ) to refer when they speak , but Eegimaa to distinguish their Jóola variety .
Speakers of Eegimaa use the term Gújjolaay ( meaning Jóola ) to refer when they speak to each other , but Eegimaa to distinguish their Jóola variety from that of other Jóola peoples .
Speakers use the term Gújjolaay ( meaning Jóola ) to refer to their language when they speak to each other , but Eegimaa to distinguish their Jóola variety from that .
Speakers of Eegimaa use the term Gújjolaay ( meaning Jóola ) to refer to their language when they speak , but Eegimaa to distinguish their Jóola variety .
Speakers of Eegimaa use the term Gújjolaay ( meaning Jóola ) to refer when they speak , but Eegimaa to distinguish their Jóola variety .
Speakers use the term Gújjolaay ( meaning Jóola ) to refer to their language when they speak to each other , but Eegimaa to distinguish their Jóola variety from that of other Jóola peoples .
Speakers use the term Gújjolaay ( meaning Jóola ) to refer when they speak to each other , but Eegimaa to distinguish their Jóola variety .

original sen: Eegimaa is an endangered language whose transmission to new generations has been declining significantly in the last decades .
Eegimaa is an endangered language whose transmission has been declining significantly .
Eegimaa is an endangered language whose transmission to new generations has been declining significantly .
Eegimaa is an endangered language whose transmission has been declining significantly in the last decades .

original sen: These names are given either in Eegimaa or in a different language .
These names are given .

original sen: Antonín Leopold Dvořák ( / d(ə)ˈvɔːrʒɑːk , -ʒæk / d(ə)-VOR-zha(h)k ; Czech : [ ˈantoɲiːn ˈlɛopolt ˈdvor̝aːk ] ; 8 September 1841 – 1 May 1904 ) was a Czech composer .
Antonín Leopold Dvořák ( / d(ə)ˈvɔːrʒɑːk , -ʒæk / d(ə)-VOR-zha(h)k ; Czech : [ ˈantoɲiːn ˈlɛopolt ˈdvor̝aːk ] ; 8 September 1841 ) was a Czech composer .

original sen: After Bedřich Smetana , he was the next Czech Romantic-era composer to achieve worldwide recognition .
, he was the next Czech Romantic-era composer to achieve worldwide recognition .

original sen: Dvořák 's own style has been described as " the fullest recreation of a national idiom with that of the symphonic tradition , absorbing folk influences and finding effective ways of using them " . [ 1 ]
Dvořák 's own style has been described as " the fullest recreation with that , absorbing folk influences and finding effective ways of using them " . [ 1 ]
Dvořák 's own style has been described , absorbing folk influences and finding effective ways of using them " . [ 1 ]
Dvořák 's own style has been described as " the fullest recreation with that of the symphonic tradition , absorbing folk influences and finding effective ways of using them " . [ 1 ]
Dvořák 's own style has been described as " the fullest recreation , absorbing folk influences and finding effective ways of using them " . [ 1 ]
Dvořák 's own style has been described as " the fullest recreation of a national idiom , absorbing folk influences and finding effective ways of using them " . [ 1 ]
Dvořák 's own style has been described as " the fullest recreation of a national idiom with that , absorbing folk influences and finding effective ways of using them " . [ 1 ]

original sen: Dvořák displayed his musical gifts at an early age , being an apt violin student from age six .
Dvořák displayed his musical gifts , being an apt violin student .
Dvořák displayed his musical gifts at an early age , being an apt violin student .
Dvořák displayed his musical gifts , being an apt violin student from age six .

original sen: The first public performances of his works were in Prague in 1872 and , with special success , in 1873 , when he was aged 31 .
The first public performances were in Prague and , with special success , when he was aged 31 .
The first public performances of his works were in Prague in 1872 and , with special success , when he was aged 31 .
The first public performances were in Prague and , with special success , in 1873 , when he was aged 31 .
The first public performances were in Prague in 1872 and , with special success , when he was aged 31 .
The first public performances were in Prague and , , when he was aged 31 .
The first public performances of his works were in Prague and , with special success , in 1873 , when he was aged 31 .
The first public performances of his works were in Prague and , with special success , when he was aged 31 .
The first public performances were in Prague in 1872 and , , when he was aged 31 .
The first public performances of his works were in Prague and , , when he was aged 31 .
The first public performances were in Prague in 1872 and , with special success , in 1873 , when he was aged 31 .
The first public performances of his works were in Prague in 1872 and , , when he was aged 31 .

original sen: Seeking recognition beyond the Prague area , he submitted a score of his First Symphony to a prize competition in Germany , but did not win , and the unreturned manuscript was lost until rediscovered many decades later .
Seeking recognition , he submitted a score to a prize competition in Germany , but did not win , and the unreturned manuscript was lost until rediscovered many decades later .
Seeking recognition , he submitted a score to a prize competition , but did not win , and the unreturned manuscript was lost until rediscovered many decades later .
Seeking recognition , he submitted a score of his First Symphony to a prize competition , but did not win , and the unreturned manuscript was lost until rediscovered many decades later .
Seeking recognition , he submitted a score of his First Symphony , but did not win , and the unreturned manuscript was lost until rediscovered many decades later .
Seeking recognition beyond the Prague area , he submitted a score , but did not win , and the unreturned manuscript was lost until rediscovered many decades later .
Seeking recognition beyond the Prague area , he submitted a score to a prize competition , but did not win , and the unreturned manuscript was lost until rediscovered many decades later .
Seeking recognition , he submitted a score of his First Symphony to a prize competition in Germany , but did not win , and the unreturned manuscript was lost until rediscovered many decades later .
Seeking recognition beyond the Prague area , he submitted a score of his First Symphony to a prize competition , but did not win , and the unreturned manuscript was lost until rediscovered many decades later .
Seeking recognition beyond the Prague area , he submitted a score of his First Symphony , but did not win , and the unreturned manuscript was lost until rediscovered many decades later .
Seeking recognition , he submitted a score , but did not win , and the unreturned manuscript was lost until rediscovered many decades later .
Seeking recognition beyond the Prague area , he submitted a score to a prize competition in Germany , but did not win , and the unreturned manuscript was lost until rediscovered many decades later .

original sen: In 1874 he made a submission to the Austrian State Prize for Composition , including scores of two further symphonies and other works .
he made a submission , including scores of two further symphonies and other works .
he made a submission to the Austrian State Prize for Composition .
he made a submission to the Austrian State Prize , including scores of two further symphonies and other works .
he made a submission to the Austrian State Prize , including scores .
In 1874 he made a submission to the Austrian State Prize , including scores of two further symphonies and other works .
he made a submission to the Austrian State Prize for Composition , including scores .
In 1874 he made a submission to the Austrian State Prize for Composition , including scores .
In 1874 he made a submission to the Austrian State Prize .
he made a submission .
In 1874 he made a submission .
In 1874 he made a submission , including scores of two further symphonies and other works .
he made a submission to the Austrian State Prize for Composition , including scores of two further symphonies and other works .
he made a submission , including scores .
In 1874 he made a submission to the Austrian State Prize for Composition .
he made a submission to the Austrian State Prize .
In 1874 he made a submission to the Austrian State Prize , including scores .
In 1874 he made a submission , including scores .

original sen: Although Dvořák was not aware of it , Johannes Brahms was the leading member of the jury and was highly impressed .
Although Dvořák was not aware of it , Johannes Brahms was the leading member and was highly impressed .
Although Dvořák was not aware , Johannes Brahms was the leading member of the jury and was highly impressed .
Although Dvořák was not aware , Johannes Brahms was the leading member and was highly impressed .

original sen: Brahms recommended Dvořák to his publisher , Simrock , who soon afterward commissioned what became the Slavonic Dances , Op. 46 .
Brahms recommended Dvořák .

original sen: Dvořák 's first piece of a religious nature , his setting of Stabat Mater , was premiered in Prague in 1880 .
Dvořák 's first piece of a religious nature , his setting of Stabat Mater , was premiered in Prague .
Dvořák 's first piece , was premiered in Prague in 1880 .
Dvořák 's first piece of a religious nature , his setting of Stabat Mater , was premiered .
Dvořák 's first piece of a religious nature , his setting , was premiered in Prague .
Dvořák 's first piece , was premiered .
Dvořák 's first piece of a religious nature , his setting , was premiered in Prague in 1880 .
Dvořák 's first piece of a religious nature , his setting , was premiered in 1880 .
Dvořák 's first piece , was premiered in Prague .
Dvořák 's first piece , was premiered in 1880 .
Dvořák 's first piece of a religious nature , his setting of Stabat Mater , was premiered in 1880 .
Dvořák 's first piece of a religious nature , his setting , was premiered .

original sen: It was very successfully performed in London in 1883 , leading to many other performances in the United Kingdom and United States . [ 2 ]
It was very successfully performed in London in 1883 , leading to many other performances . [ 2 ]
It was very successfully performed , leading to many other performances in the United Kingdom and United States . [ 2 ]
It was very successfully performed in London , leading . [ 2 ]
It was very successfully performed in 1883 , leading to many other performances in the United Kingdom and United States . [ 2 ]
It was very successfully performed , leading to many other performances . [ 2 ]
It was very successfully performed in London , leading to many other performances in the United Kingdom and United States . [ 2 ]
It was very successfully performed , leading . [ 2 ]
It was very successfully performed in 1883 , leading . [ 2 ]
It was very successfully performed in 1883 , leading to many other performances . [ 2 ]
It was very successfully performed in London , leading to many other performances . [ 2 ]
It was very successfully performed in London in 1883 , leading . [ 2 ]

original sen: His Seventh Symphony was written for London .
His Seventh Symphony was written .

original sen: Visiting Russia in March 1890 , he conducted concerts of his own music in Moscow and Saint Petersburg . [ 3 ]
Visiting Russia , he conducted concerts in Moscow and Saint Petersburg . [ 3 ]
Visiting Russia , he conducted concerts of his own music . [ 3 ]
Visiting Russia in March 1890 , he conducted concerts in Moscow and Saint Petersburg . [ 3 ]
Visiting Russia , he conducted concerts of his own music in Moscow and Saint Petersburg . [ 3 ]
Visiting Russia in March 1890 , he conducted concerts . [ 3 ]
Visiting Russia in March 1890 , he conducted concerts of his own music . [ 3 ]
Visiting Russia , he conducted concerts . [ 3 ]

original sen: In 1891 Dvořák was appointed as a professor at the Prague Conservatory .
Dvořák was appointed .
Dvořák was appointed as a professor .
Dvořák was appointed as a professor at the Prague Conservatory .
In 1891 Dvořák was appointed .
In 1891 Dvořák was appointed as a professor .

original sen: In 1890 – 91 , he wrote his Dumky Trio , one of his most successful chamber music pieces .
In 1890 , he wrote his Dumky Trio , one .
In 1890 – 91 , he wrote his Dumky Trio , one .
In 1890 , he wrote his Dumky Trio , one of his most successful chamber music pieces .
he wrote his Dumky Trio , one of his most successful chamber music pieces .
he wrote his Dumky Trio , one .

original sen: In 1892 , Dvořák moved to the United States and became the director of the National Conservatory of Music of America in New York City .
Dvořák moved to the United States and became the director of the National Conservatory of Music in New York City .
Dvořák moved to the United States and became the director of the National Conservatory of Music of America in New York City .
In 1892 , Dvořák moved to the United States and became the director of the National Conservatory of Music .
In 1892 , Dvořák moved to the United States and became the director .
In 1892 , Dvořák moved and became the director of the National Conservatory .
In 1892 , Dvořák moved and became the director of the National Conservatory of Music .
In 1892 , Dvořák moved and became the director in New York City .
In 1892 , Dvořák moved to the United States and became the director of the National Conservatory in New York City .
In 1892 , Dvořák moved and became the director of the National Conservatory in New York City .
Dvořák moved and became the director of the National Conservatory of Music of America .
In 1892 , Dvořák moved and became the director .
In 1892 , Dvořák moved to the United States and became the director of the National Conservatory of Music in New York City .
Dvořák moved to the United States and became the director of the National Conservatory of Music of America .
In 1892 , Dvořák moved to the United States and became the director in New York City .
Dvořák moved to the United States and became the director of the National Conservatory .
In 1892 , Dvořák moved and became the director of the National Conservatory of Music of America in New York City .
Dvořák moved to the United States and became the director .
Dvořák moved to the United States and became the director of the National Conservatory in New York City .
Dvořák moved to the United States and became the director of the National Conservatory of Music .
Dvořák moved and became the director of the National Conservatory in New York City .
In 1892 , Dvořák moved and became the director of the National Conservatory of Music of America .
Dvořák moved and became the director of the National Conservatory of Music of America in New York City .
In 1892 , Dvořák moved to the United States and became the director of the National Conservatory .
Dvořák moved to the United States and became the director in New York City .
In 1892 , Dvořák moved and became the director of the National Conservatory of Music in New York City .
Dvořák moved and became the director of the National Conservatory .
Dvořák moved and became the director of the National Conservatory of Music in New York City .
Dvořák moved and became the director .
Dvořák moved and became the director in New York City .
In 1892 , Dvořák moved to the United States and became the director of the National Conservatory of Music of America .
Dvořák moved and became the director of the National Conservatory of Music .

original sen: While in the United States , Dvořák wrote his two most successful orchestral works : the Symphony From the New World , which spread his reputation worldwide , [ 4 ] and his Cello Concerto , one of the most highly regarded of all cello concerti .
While in the United States , Dvořák wrote his two most successful orchestral works : the Symphony , which spread his reputation worldwide , [ 4 ] and his Cello Concerto , one .
While in the United States , Dvořák wrote his two most successful orchestral works : the Symphony , which spread his reputation worldwide , [ 4 ] and his Cello Concerto , one of the most highly regarded of all cello concerti .
While in the United States , Dvořák wrote his two most successful orchestral works : the Symphony From the New World , which spread his reputation worldwide , [ 4 ] and his Cello Concerto , one .

original sen: By far the most successful of the operas is Rusalka .
the most successful is Rusalka .
the most successful of the operas is Rusalka .
By far the most successful is Rusalka .

original sen: He has been described as " arguably the most versatile ... composer of his time " . [ 5 ]
He has been described as " arguably the most versatile ... composer " . [ 5 ]
He has been described . [ 5 ]

original sen: Otto Jespersen was born in Randers in Jutland .
Otto Jespersen was born .
Otto Jespersen was born in Jutland .
Otto Jespersen was born in Randers .

original sen: He entered the University of Copenhagen in 1877 when he was 17 , initially studying law but not forgetting his language studies .
He entered the University of Copenhagen when he was 17 , initially studying law but not forgetting his language studies .
He entered the University in 1877 when he was 17 , initially studying law but not forgetting his language studies .
He entered the University when he was 17 , initially studying law but not forgetting his language studies .

original sen: In 1881 he shifted his focus completely to languages , and in 1887 earned his master 's degree in French , with English and Latin as his secondary languages .
In 1881 he shifted his focus completely , and in 1887 earned his master 's degree in French .
he shifted his focus completely , and earned his master 's degree in French , with English and Latin as his secondary languages .
he shifted his focus completely to languages , and in 1887 earned his master 's degree , with English and Latin as his secondary languages .
he shifted his focus completely , and in 1887 earned his master 's degree in French , with English and Latin .
In 1881 he shifted his focus completely to languages , and in 1887 earned his master 's degree in French , with English and Latin .
he shifted his focus completely to languages , and in 1887 earned his master 's degree in French , with English and Latin .
In 1881 he shifted his focus completely , and in 1887 earned his master 's degree in French , with English and Latin .
he shifted his focus completely , and in 1887 earned his master 's degree in French .
he shifted his focus completely , and earned his master 's degree , with English and Latin .
In 1881 he shifted his focus completely , and earned his master 's degree , with English and Latin .
he shifted his focus completely to languages , and earned his master 's degree , with English and Latin .
In 1881 he shifted his focus completely to languages , and in 1887 earned his master 's degree , with English and Latin as his secondary languages .
In 1881 he shifted his focus completely to languages , and earned his master 's degree , with English and Latin as his secondary languages .
In 1881 he shifted his focus completely to languages , and earned his master 's degree in French .
he shifted his focus completely , and in 1887 earned his master 's degree in French , with English and Latin as his secondary languages .
In 1881 he shifted his focus completely to languages , and earned his master 's degree in French , with English and Latin .
In 1881 he shifted his focus completely , and earned his master 's degree in French , with English and Latin as his secondary languages .
he shifted his focus completely , and in 1887 earned his master 's degree .
In 1881 he shifted his focus completely to languages , and earned his master 's degree in French , with English and Latin as his secondary languages .
In 1881 he shifted his focus completely , and in 1887 earned his master 's degree .
he shifted his focus completely to languages , and in 1887 earned his master 's degree in French .
he shifted his focus completely to languages , and in 1887 earned his master 's degree .
In 1881 he shifted his focus completely , and earned his master 's degree .
In 1881 he shifted his focus completely , and earned his master 's degree in French , with English and Latin .
he shifted his focus completely to languages , and earned his master 's degree .
he shifted his focus completely to languages , and earned his master 's degree in French .
In 1881 he shifted his focus completely to languages , and earned his master 's degree .
In 1881 he shifted his focus completely to languages , and earned his master 's degree , with English and Latin .
he shifted his focus completely , and earned his master 's degree in French , with English and Latin .
he shifted his focus completely to languages , and in 1887 earned his master 's degree , with English and Latin .
In 1881 he shifted his focus completely , and earned his master 's degree in French .
In 1881 he shifted his focus completely , and in 1887 earned his master 's degree , with English and Latin as his secondary languages .
he shifted his focus completely , and earned his master 's degree , with English and Latin as his secondary languages .
he shifted his focus completely , and in 1887 earned his master 's degree , with English and Latin .
he shifted his focus completely , and earned his master 's degree .
he shifted his focus completely to languages , and earned his master 's degree in French , with English and Latin as his secondary languages .
he shifted his focus completely , and earned his master 's degree in French .
he shifted his focus completely to languages , and earned his master 's degree in French , with English and Latin .
In 1881 he shifted his focus completely , and earned his master 's degree , with English and Latin as his secondary languages .
In 1881 he shifted his focus completely to languages , and in 1887 earned his master 's degree , with English and Latin .
he shifted his focus completely to languages , and in 1887 earned his master 's degree in French , with English and Latin as his secondary languages .
he shifted his focus completely , and in 1887 earned his master 's degree , with English and Latin as his secondary languages .
In 1881 he shifted his focus completely , and in 1887 earned his master 's degree , with English and Latin .
In 1881 he shifted his focus completely , and in 1887 earned his master 's degree in French , with English and Latin as his secondary languages .
In 1881 he shifted his focus completely to languages , and in 1887 earned his master 's degree .
In 1881 he shifted his focus completely to languages , and in 1887 earned his master 's degree in French .
he shifted his focus completely to languages , and earned his master 's degree , with English and Latin as his secondary languages .

original sen: In 1887 – 1888 , he traveled to England , Germany and France , meeting linguists like Henry Sweet and Paul Passy and attending lectures at institutions like Oxford University .
In 1887 – 1888 , he traveled to England , Germany and France , meeting linguists and attending lectures at institutions .
he traveled , meeting linguists like Henry Sweet and Paul Passy and attending lectures at institutions .
In 1887 , he traveled to England , Germany and France , meeting linguists like Henry Sweet and Paul Passy and attending lectures at institutions like Oxford University .
he traveled , meeting linguists like Henry Sweet and Paul Passy and attending lectures .
In 1887 , he traveled to England , Germany and France , meeting linguists like Henry Sweet and Paul Passy and attending lectures at institutions .
In 1887 , he traveled , meeting linguists like Henry Sweet and Paul Passy and attending lectures at institutions like Oxford University .
In 1887 – 1888 , he traveled , meeting linguists like Henry Sweet and Paul Passy and attending lectures at institutions like Oxford University .
he traveled to England , Germany and France , meeting linguists and attending lectures at institutions like Oxford University .
In 1887 – 1888 , he traveled , meeting linguists and attending lectures .
he traveled , meeting linguists and attending lectures at institutions .
In 1887 – 1888 , he traveled to England , Germany and France , meeting linguists like Henry Sweet and Paul Passy and attending lectures .
In 1887 – 1888 , he traveled , meeting linguists like Henry Sweet and Paul Passy and attending lectures at institutions .
In 1887 – 1888 , he traveled , meeting linguists and attending lectures at institutions .
he traveled to England , Germany and France , meeting linguists like Henry Sweet and Paul Passy and attending lectures .
In 1887 – 1888 , he traveled , meeting linguists and attending lectures at institutions like Oxford University .
In 1887 , he traveled to England , Germany and France , meeting linguists and attending lectures at institutions .
In 1887 , he traveled to England , Germany and France , meeting linguists like Henry Sweet and Paul Passy and attending lectures .
In 1887 – 1888 , he traveled to England , Germany and France , meeting linguists and attending lectures .
In 1887 , he traveled , meeting linguists and attending lectures .
he traveled , meeting linguists and attending lectures .
he traveled , meeting linguists like Henry Sweet and Paul Passy and attending lectures at institutions like Oxford University .
he traveled to England , Germany and France , meeting linguists like Henry Sweet and Paul Passy and attending lectures at institutions like Oxford University .
In 1887 , he traveled , meeting linguists and attending lectures at institutions .
he traveled to England , Germany and France , meeting linguists and attending lectures .
In 1887 , he traveled to England , Germany and France , meeting linguists and attending lectures .
In 1887 , he traveled , meeting linguists like Henry Sweet and Paul Passy and attending lectures .
he traveled to England , Germany and France , meeting linguists and attending lectures at institutions .
In 1887 – 1888 , he traveled , meeting linguists like Henry Sweet and Paul Passy and attending lectures .
he traveled , meeting linguists and attending lectures at institutions like Oxford University .
In 1887 – 1888 , he traveled to England , Germany and France , meeting linguists like Henry Sweet and Paul Passy and attending lectures at institutions .
In 1887 – 1888 , he traveled to England , Germany and France , meeting linguists and attending lectures at institutions like Oxford University .
he traveled to England , Germany and France , meeting linguists like Henry Sweet and Paul Passy and attending lectures at institutions .
In 1887 , he traveled , meeting linguists like Henry Sweet and Paul Passy and attending lectures at institutions .
In 1887 , he traveled , meeting linguists and attending lectures at institutions like Oxford University .
In 1887 , he traveled to England , Germany and France , meeting linguists and attending lectures at institutions like Oxford University .

original sen: Following the advice of his mentor Vilhelm Thomsen , he returned to Copenhagen in August 1888 and began work on his doctoral dissertation on the English case system .
Following the advice , he returned in August 1888 and began work on his doctoral dissertation on the English case system .
he returned to Copenhagen and began work on his doctoral dissertation on the English case system .
Following the advice of his mentor Vilhelm Thomsen , he returned to Copenhagen and began work on his doctoral dissertation on the English case system .
Following the advice of his mentor Vilhelm Thomsen , he returned to Copenhagen in August 1888 and began work .
he returned in August 1888 and began work .
Following the advice of his mentor Vilhelm Thomsen , he returned and began work on his doctoral dissertation on the English case system .
Following the advice , he returned and began work on his doctoral dissertation .
he returned in August 1888 and began work on his doctoral dissertation on the English case system .
Following the advice , he returned to Copenhagen in August 1888 and began work .
he returned and began work .
Following the advice of his mentor Vilhelm Thomsen , he returned in August 1888 and began work on his doctoral dissertation .
Following the advice of his mentor Vilhelm Thomsen , he returned and began work on his doctoral dissertation .
Following the advice , he returned in August 1888 and began work on his doctoral dissertation .
Following the advice , he returned to Copenhagen and began work .
Following the advice , he returned and began work .
Following the advice of his mentor Vilhelm Thomsen , he returned to Copenhagen in August 1888 and began work on his doctoral dissertation .
Following the advice , he returned and began work on his doctoral dissertation on the English case system .
Following the advice of his mentor Vilhelm Thomsen , he returned and began work .
he returned in August 1888 and began work on his doctoral dissertation .
Following the advice of his mentor Vilhelm Thomsen , he returned in August 1888 and began work on his doctoral dissertation on the English case system .
he returned and began work on his doctoral dissertation .
he returned to Copenhagen and began work on his doctoral dissertation .
he returned to Copenhagen and began work .
Following the advice , he returned in August 1888 and began work .
Following the advice , he returned to Copenhagen and began work on his doctoral dissertation on the English case system .
Following the advice of his mentor Vilhelm Thomsen , he returned to Copenhagen and began work on his doctoral dissertation .
Following the advice of his mentor Vilhelm Thomsen , he returned to Copenhagen and began work .
Following the advice of his mentor Vilhelm Thomsen , he returned in August 1888 and began work .
Following the advice , he returned to Copenhagen and began work on his doctoral dissertation .
he returned and began work on his doctoral dissertation on the English case system .
Following the advice , he returned to Copenhagen in August 1888 and began work on his doctoral dissertation on the English case system .
he returned to Copenhagen in August 1888 and began work .
he returned to Copenhagen in August 1888 and began work on his doctoral dissertation .
he returned to Copenhagen in August 1888 and began work on his doctoral dissertation on the English case system .
Following the advice , he returned to Copenhagen in August 1888 and began work on his doctoral dissertation .

original sen: He successfully defended his dissertation in 1891 .
He successfully defended his dissertation .

original sen: His early work focused primarily on language teaching reform and on phonetics , but he is best known for his later work on syntax and on language development .
His early work focused primarily , but he is best known for his later work on syntax and on language development .
His early work focused primarily on language teaching reform and on phonetics , but he is best known for his later work .
His early work focused primarily , but he is best known for his later work .
His early work focused primarily on language teaching reform and on phonetics , but he is best known .
His early work focused primarily , but he is best known .

original sen: This term is qualified by a further concept called a junction which represents one idea , expressed by means of two or more elements , whereas a nexus combines two ideas .
This term is qualified by a further concept called a junction which represents one idea , expressed , whereas a nexus combines two ideas .
This term is qualified by a further concept called a junction which represents one idea , expressed by means , whereas a nexus combines two ideas .
This term is qualified .

original sen: Late in his life he published Analytic Syntax ( 1937 ) , in which he presents his views on syntactic structure using an idiosyncratic shorthand notation .
Late in his life he published Analytic Syntax ( 1937 ) , he presents his views on syntactic structure using an idiosyncratic shorthand notation .
Late in his life he published Analytic Syntax ( 1937 ) , he presents his views using an idiosyncratic shorthand notation .
Late he published Analytic Syntax ( 1937 ) , in which he presents his views on syntactic structure using an idiosyncratic shorthand notation .
Late in his life he published Analytic Syntax ( 1937 ) , in which he presents his views using an idiosyncratic shorthand notation .
Late he published Analytic Syntax ( 1937 ) , in which he presents his views using an idiosyncratic shorthand notation .
Late he published Analytic Syntax ( 1937 ) , he presents his views using an idiosyncratic shorthand notation .
Late he published Analytic Syntax ( 1937 ) , he presents his views on syntactic structure using an idiosyncratic shorthand notation .

original sen: In the 21st century this book is still used as one of the basic texts in modern Structural linguistics .
this book is still used as one of the basic texts .
In the 21st century this book is still used .
this book is still used as one .
In the 21st century this book is still used as one of the basic texts .
this book is still used as one of the basic texts in modern Structural linguistics .
In the 21st century this book is still used as one .
this book is still used .

original sen: he lectured at the Congress of Arts and Sciences in St. Louis in 1904 , and in 1909 – 1910 he visited both the University of California and Columbia University .
he lectured in St. Louis in 1904 , and he visited both the University of California and Columbia University .
he lectured at the Congress of Arts and Sciences in 1904 , and he visited both the University of California and Columbia University .
he lectured at the Congress of Arts and Sciences , and he visited both the University of California and Columbia University .
he lectured at the Congress in 1904 , and in 1909 he visited both the University and Columbia University .
he lectured at the Congress of Arts and Sciences , and in 1909 he visited both the University of California and Columbia University .
he lectured at the Congress of Arts and Sciences , and in 1909 he visited both the University and Columbia University .
he lectured in 1904 , and he visited both the University and Columbia University .
he lectured in 1904 , and he visited both the University of California and Columbia University .
he lectured in 1904 , and in 1909 he visited both the University of California and Columbia University .
he lectured at the Congress in St. Louis , and in 1909 – 1910 he visited both the University and Columbia University .
he lectured at the Congress in St. Louis , and in 1909 – 1910 he visited both the University of California and Columbia University .
he lectured , and he visited both the University and Columbia University .
he lectured at the Congress , and he visited both the University of California and Columbia University .
he lectured , and he visited both the University of California and Columbia University .
he lectured at the Congress of Arts and Sciences in St. Louis , and in 1909 – 1910 he visited both the University and Columbia University .
he lectured in St. Louis in 1904 , and in 1909 – 1910 he visited both the University and Columbia University .
he lectured in 1904 , and in 1909 he visited both the University and Columbia University .
he lectured in St. Louis , and he visited both the University of California and Columbia University .
he lectured at the Congress in St. Louis , and in 1909 he visited both the University of California and Columbia University .
he lectured at the Congress of Arts and Sciences in 1904 , and in 1909 he visited both the University and Columbia University .
he lectured , and in 1909 – 1910 he visited both the University and Columbia University .
he lectured in St. Louis in 1904 , and in 1909 he visited both the University and Columbia University .
he lectured in St. Louis , and in 1909 – 1910 he visited both the University of California and Columbia University .
he lectured , and in 1909 he visited both the University of California and Columbia University .
he lectured at the Congress in St. Louis in 1904 , and in 1909 he visited both the University and Columbia University .
he lectured at the Congress in 1904 , and he visited both the University and Columbia University .
he lectured at the Congress in St. Louis in 1904 , and he visited both the University and Columbia University .
he lectured at the Congress of Arts and Sciences in St. Louis in 1904 , and in 1909 he visited both the University and Columbia University .
he lectured at the Congress of Arts and Sciences , and in 1909 – 1910 he visited both the University of California and Columbia University .
he lectured at the Congress in 1904 , and he visited both the University of California and Columbia University .
he lectured , and in 1909 he visited both the University and Columbia University .
he lectured at the Congress of Arts and Sciences , and he visited both the University and Columbia University .
he lectured at the Congress in St. Louis , and he visited both the University and Columbia University .
he lectured at the Congress , and in 1909 he visited both the University of California and Columbia University .
he lectured in St. Louis , and in 1909 he visited both the University and Columbia University .
he lectured in 1904 , and in 1909 – 1910 he visited both the University and Columbia University .
he lectured in St. Louis in 1904 , and in 1909 he visited both the University of California and Columbia University .
he lectured in 1904 , and in 1909 – 1910 he visited both the University of California and Columbia University .
he lectured in St. Louis in 1904 , and he visited both the University and Columbia University .
he lectured at the Congress in 1904 , and in 1909 he visited both the University of California and Columbia University .
he lectured at the Congress of Arts and Sciences in St. Louis , and in 1909 – 1910 he visited both the University of California and Columbia University .
he lectured at the Congress of Arts and Sciences in 1904 , and he visited both the University and Columbia University .
he lectured at the Congress in St. Louis , and in 1909 he visited both the University and Columbia University .
he lectured at the Congress of Arts and Sciences , and in 1909 – 1910 he visited both the University and Columbia University .
he lectured at the Congress of Arts and Sciences in 1904 , and in 1909 he visited both the University of California and Columbia University .
he lectured at the Congress in St. Louis , and he visited both the University of California and Columbia University .
he lectured at the Congress in 1904 , and in 1909 – 1910 he visited both the University of California and Columbia University .
he lectured at the Congress in St. Louis in 1904 , and he visited both the University of California and Columbia University .
he lectured at the Congress of Arts and Sciences in St. Louis , and in 1909 he visited both the University and Columbia University .
he lectured in St. Louis , and in 1909 he visited both the University of California and Columbia University .
he lectured at the Congress of Arts and Sciences in St. Louis , and he visited both the University of California and Columbia University .
he lectured at the Congress in 1904 , and in 1909 – 1910 he visited both the University and Columbia University .
he lectured at the Congress of Arts and Sciences in St. Louis , and he visited both the University and Columbia University .
he lectured at the Congress , and he visited both the University and Columbia University .
he lectured at the Congress , and in 1909 – 1910 he visited both the University of California and Columbia University .
he lectured at the Congress , and in 1909 – 1910 he visited both the University and Columbia University .
he lectured at the Congress of Arts and Sciences in St. Louis , and in 1909 he visited both the University of California and Columbia University .
he lectured at the Congress , and in 1909 he visited both the University and Columbia University .
he lectured at the Congress of Arts and Sciences in 1904 , and in 1909 – 1910 he visited both the University and Columbia University .
he lectured at the Congress of Arts and Sciences in St. Louis in 1904 , and in 1909 he visited both the University of California and Columbia University .
he lectured at the Congress in St. Louis in 1904 , and in 1909 he visited both the University of California and Columbia University .
he lectured , and in 1909 – 1910 he visited both the University of California and Columbia University .
he lectured at the Congress of Arts and Sciences in St. Louis in 1904 , and he visited both the University of California and Columbia University .
he lectured in St. Louis in 1904 , and in 1909 – 1910 he visited both the University of California and Columbia University .
he lectured at the Congress of Arts and Sciences in 1904 , and in 1909 – 1910 he visited both the University of California and Columbia University .
he lectured in St. Louis , and he visited both the University and Columbia University .
he lectured in St. Louis , and in 1909 – 1910 he visited both the University and Columbia University .
he lectured at the Congress in St. Louis in 1904 , and in 1909 – 1910 he visited both the University and Columbia University .
he lectured at the Congress in St. Louis in 1904 , and in 1909 – 1910 he visited both the University of California and Columbia University .
he lectured at the Congress of Arts and Sciences in St. Louis in 1904 , and in 1909 – 1910 he visited both the University and Columbia University .
he lectured at the Congress of Arts and Sciences in St. Louis in 1904 , and he visited both the University and Columbia University .

original sen: Jespersen was a proponent of phonosemanticism and wrote :
Jespersen was a proponent and wrote :

original sen: After his retirement in 1925 , Jespersen remained active in the international linguistic community .
Jespersen remained active in the international linguistic community .
After his retirement in 1925 , Jespersen remained active .
After his retirement , Jespersen remained active .
Jespersen remained active .
After his retirement , Jespersen remained active in the international linguistic community .

original sen: Jespersen was an important figure in the international language movement .
Jespersen was an important figure .

original sen: He was an early supporter of the Esperanto offshoot Ido and in 1927 published his own project Novial .
He was an early supporter and published his own project Novial .
He was an early supporter and in 1927 published his own project Novial .
He was an early supporter of the Esperanto offshoot Ido and published his own project Novial .

original sen: He also worked with the International Auxiliary Language Association .
He also worked .

original sen: Jespersen received honorary degrees from Columbia University in New York ( 1910 ) , St. Andrews University in Scotland ( 1925 ) , and the Sorbonne in Paris ( 1927 ) .
Jespersen received honorary degrees from Columbia University , St. Andrews University in Scotland ( 1925 ) , and the Sorbonne in Paris ( 1927 ) .
Jespersen received honorary degrees from Columbia University in New York ( 1910 ) , St. Andrews University ( 1925 ) , and the Sorbonne in Paris ( 1927 ) .
Jespersen received honorary degrees from Columbia University , St. Andrews University ( 1925 ) , and the Sorbonne ( 1927 ) .
Jespersen received honorary degrees from Columbia University , St. Andrews University ( 1925 ) , and the Sorbonne in Paris ( 1927 ) .
Jespersen received honorary degrees from Columbia University in New York ( 1910 ) , St. Andrews University ( 1925 ) , and the Sorbonne ( 1927 ) .
Jespersen received honorary degrees from Columbia University , St. Andrews University in Scotland ( 1925 ) , and the Sorbonne ( 1927 ) .
Jespersen received honorary degrees .
Jespersen received honorary degrees from Columbia University in New York ( 1910 ) , St. Andrews University in Scotland ( 1925 ) , and the Sorbonne ( 1927 ) .

original sen: He was one of the first six international scholars to be elected as honorary members of the Linguistic Society of America .
He was one of the first six international scholars to be elected .
He was one of the first six international scholars to be elected as honorary members of the Linguistic Society .
He was one to be elected as honorary members of the Linguistic Society .
He was one to be elected as honorary members .
He was one of the first six international scholars to be elected as honorary members .
He was one to be elected as honorary members of the Linguistic Society of America .
He was one to be elected .

original sen: A picture of elegance and style from the age of money , violence , and simplicity .
A picture of elegance and style .
A picture from the age .
A picture from the age of money , violence , and simplicity .
A picture of elegance and style from the age .
A picture .

original sen: She ’s beyond the rail now , hanging out over the mountain - high drop .
She ’s beyond the rail now , hanging out .

original sen: ( A civic agent notices you noticing , and attaches itself to your infospace , whispering statistics —
( A civic agent notices you noticing , and attaches itself —

original sen: “ Each object ’s suspension must weather a class 5 hurricane and the destruction of 80 % of the towers ” —
“ Each object ’s suspension must weather a class 5 hurricane and the destruction ” —
“ Each object ’s suspension must weather a class 5 hurricane and the destruction of 80 % ” —

original sen: “ Frankfurt ’s current population is stable at 53 million ” —
“ Frankfurt ’s current population is stable ” —

original sen: The wind whips her hair , ruffles the skirt around her knees .
The wind whips her hair , ruffles the skirt .

original sen: You remember your first trip to the upper levels : leaning over the edge into the angry swarm of mites , whirring and buzzing warnings and shoving you back like a million mosquito chaperones .
You remember your first trip : leaning over the edge into the angry swarm of mites , whirring and buzzing warnings and shoving you back like a million mosquito chaperones .
You remember your first trip : leaning over the edge , whirring and buzzing warnings and shoving you back like a million mosquito chaperones .
You remember your first trip : leaning into the angry swarm , whirring and buzzing warnings and shoving you back .
You remember your first trip : leaning over the edge into the angry swarm , whirring and buzzing warnings and shoving you back .
You remember your first trip to the upper levels : leaning over the edge into the angry swarm of mites , whirring and buzzing warnings and shoving you back .
You remember your first trip to the upper levels : leaning over the edge into the angry swarm , whirring and buzzing warnings and shoving you back like a million mosquito chaperones .
You remember your first trip to the upper levels : leaning into the angry swarm of mites , whirring and buzzing warnings and shoving you back like a million mosquito chaperones .
You remember your first trip : leaning into the angry swarm of mites , whirring and buzzing warnings and shoving you back like a million mosquito chaperones .
You remember your first trip to the upper levels : leaning into the angry swarm of mites , whirring and buzzing warnings and shoving you back .
You remember your first trip : leaning over the edge , whirring and buzzing warnings and shoving you back .
You remember your first trip : leaning , whirring and buzzing warnings and shoving you back .
You remember your first trip : leaning over the edge into the angry swarm , whirring and buzzing warnings and shoving you back like a million mosquito chaperones .
You remember your first trip : leaning into the angry swarm , whirring and buzzing warnings and shoving you back like a million mosquito chaperones .
You remember your first trip to the upper levels : leaning into the angry swarm , whirring and buzzing warnings and shoving you back .
You remember your first trip : leaning into the angry swarm of mites , whirring and buzzing warnings and shoving you back .
You remember your first trip : leaning , whirring and buzzing warnings and shoving you back like a million mosquito chaperones .
You remember your first trip to the upper levels : leaning over the edge , whirring and buzzing warnings and shoving you back .
You remember your first trip to the upper levels : leaning over the edge into the angry swarm , whirring and buzzing warnings and shoving you back .
You remember your first trip to the upper levels : leaning , whirring and buzzing warnings and shoving you back like a million mosquito chaperones .
You remember your first trip to the upper levels : leaning over the edge , whirring and buzzing warnings and shoving you back like a million mosquito chaperones .
You remember your first trip to the upper levels : leaning into the angry swarm , whirring and buzzing warnings and shoving you back like a million mosquito chaperones .
You remember your first trip to the upper levels : leaning , whirring and buzzing warnings and shoving you back .
You remember your first trip : leaning over the edge into the angry swarm of mites , whirring and buzzing warnings and shoving you back .

original sen: Hot , animal fear surges in your chest .
Hot , animal fear surges .

original sen: You swallow on a dry throat .
You swallow .

original sen: Derya , of all people , hearing you scream !
Derya , , hearing you scream !

original sen: “ They infect themselves with some designer virus -
“ They infect themselves -

original sen: “ Do n’t you quote the founders at me , ” Derya snaps .
“ Do n’t you quote the founders , ” Derya snaps .

original sen: “ You even talk to those people -
“ You even talk -

original sen: You wo n’t work , you wo n’t party , you ’ll be defriended by every one of your tribes .
You wo n’t work , you wo n’t party , you ’ll be defriended .
You wo n’t work , you wo n’t party , you ’ll be defriended by every one .

original sen: Her broad-brimmed hat is still sailing on the wind .
Her broad-brimmed hat is still sailing .

original sen: You walk through empty , miteless rooms , stepping around light fixtures .
You walk , stepping around light fixtures .
You walk , stepping .
You walk through empty , miteless rooms , stepping .

original sen: Then she ’s there , in a doorway .
Then she ’s there , .

original sen: Her smile , with that chaste yellow dress , so bashful .
Her smile , , so bashful .

original sen: She comes to you .
She comes .

original sen: The instruments were locked away in glass cabinets and only his parents had the key .
The instruments were locked away and only his parents had the key .

original sen: But Dad says they ’re a sort of collection , and too expensive for me to play with . ”
But Dad says they ’re a sort , and too expensive for me to play with . ”

original sen: Then there was the event that became the rite of passage into our group of misfits and outcasts : making a mould of your teeth .
Then there was the event that became the rite of passage into our group of misfits and outcasts : making a mould .
Then there was the event that became the rite into our group : making a mould of your teeth .
Then there was the event that became the rite of passage : making a mould .
Then there was the event that became the rite of passage into our group : making a mould .
Then there was the event that became the rite : making a mould .
Then there was the event that became the rite into our group of misfits and outcasts : making a mould of your teeth .
Then there was the event that became the rite into our group of misfits and outcasts : making a mould .
Then there was the event that became the rite into our group : making a mould .
Then there was the event that became the rite of passage : making a mould of your teeth .
Then there was the event that became the rite of passage into our group : making a mould of your teeth .
Then there was the event that became the rite : making a mould of your teeth .

original sen: It was inevitable that one of us , seeing the plaster casts on the shelf by Steven ’s bed would ask how they were done .
It was inevitable that one , seeing the plaster casts on the shelf would ask how they were done .
It was inevitable that one of us , seeing the plaster casts on the shelf would ask how they were done .
It was inevitable that one , seeing the plaster casts would ask how they were done .
It was inevitable that one , seeing the plaster casts on the shelf by Steven ’s bed would ask how they were done .
It was inevitable that one of us , seeing the plaster casts would ask how they were done .

original sen: Your nose filled with what you imagined were fumes from the warm paste .
Your nose filled were fumes .
Your nose filled were fumes from the warm paste .
Your nose filled with what you imagined were fumes .

original sen: And you seemed to be suddenly drowning in your own saliva .
And you seemed to be suddenly drowning .

original sen: Raucous laughter greeted the suggestions of the other body parts that could receive the same treatment .
Raucous laughter greeted the suggestions .

original sen: The next part of the proceedings was less thrilling .
The next part was less thrilling .

original sen: Steven measured and mixed the plaster of Paris and prepared for the cast by using a bright blue putty to build up the form of the jaw , and shoring up gaps and holes .
Steven measured and mixed the plaster and prepared by using a bright blue putty to build up the form of the jaw , and shoring up gaps and holes .
Steven measured and mixed the plaster of Paris and prepared by using a bright blue putty to build up the form of the jaw , and shoring up gaps and holes .
Steven measured and mixed the plaster of Paris and prepared by using a bright blue putty to build up the form , and shoring up gaps and holes .
Steven measured and mixed the plaster and prepared by using a bright blue putty to build up the form , and shoring up gaps and holes .
Steven measured and mixed the plaster and prepared for the cast by using a bright blue putty to build up the form , and shoring up gaps and holes .
Steven measured and mixed the plaster and prepared for the cast by using a bright blue putty to build up the form of the jaw , and shoring up gaps and holes .
Steven measured and mixed the plaster of Paris and prepared for the cast by using a bright blue putty to build up the form , and shoring up gaps and holes .

original sen: We were all friends , a group bonded by the common experience of being able to see our teeth on Steven ’s shelf .
We were all friends , a group bonded .
We were all friends , a group bonded by the common experience of being able to see our teeth .

original sen: What qualifications do you have that will assist you in executing the duties of president ?
What qualifications do you have that will assist you in executing the duties ?

original sen: Why run for president ?
Why run ?

original sen: The Air Force only selected 180 Officers a year from the Academy , Squadron Officer School and ROTC to attend .
The Air Force only selected 180 Officers a year to attend .

original sen: Congress has proven itself ineffective as a body .
Congress has proven itself ineffective .

original sen: Why did you choose to run in the Republican Party ?
Why did you choose to run ?

original sen: In those days I believed there was a difference in the parties .
I believed there was a difference in the parties .
I believed there was a difference .
In those days I believed there was a difference .

original sen: Today , like many Americans , I am skeptical .
Today , , I am skeptical .

original sen: How do you plan to get into the Republican debates and make an impact on polls ?
How do you plan to get and make an impact on polls ?
How do you plan to get into the Republican debates and make an impact ?
How do you plan to get and make an impact ?

original sen: Recently we were listed in New Hampshire and nationally with Politics1 .
Recently we were listed in New Hampshire .
Recently we were listed .
Recently we were listed and nationally with Politics1 .

original sen: If you do not receive the Republican nomination , would you consider running as a third party candidate ?
If you do not receive the Republican nomination , would you consider running ?

original sen: After that , I may reconsider .
, I may reconsider .

original sen: Other than yourself , which candidates have you supported for president in previous campaigns ?
Other , which candidates have you supported for president ?
Other than yourself , which candidates have you supported ?
Other than yourself , which candidates have you supported in previous campaigns ?
Other , which candidates have you supported in previous campaigns ?
Other than yourself , which candidates have you supported for president ?
Other , which candidates have you supported ?
Other , which candidates have you supported for president in previous campaigns ?

original sen: Reagan in 80 and 84 , [ George H. W. ] Bush in 88 and 92 , [ Phil ] Gramm in 96 , [ George W. ] Bush in 2000 and , Romney in 08 .
Reagan in 80 and 84 , [ George H. W. ] Bush , [ Phil ] Gramm in 96 , [ George W. ] Bush and , Romney in 08 .
Reagan in 80 and 84 , [ George H. W. ] Bush , [ Phil ] Gramm in 96 , [ George W. ] Bush in 2000 and , Romney .
Reagan in 80 and 84 , [ George H. W. ] Bush in 88 and 92 , [ Phil ] Gramm , [ George W. ] Bush and , Romney .
Reagan in 80 and 84 , [ George H. W. ] Bush in 88 and 92 , [ Phil ] Gramm in 96 , [ George W. ] Bush in 2000 and , Romney .
Reagan in 80 and 84 , [ George H. W. ] Bush , [ Phil ] Gramm in 96 , [ George W. ] Bush and , Romney .
Reagan in 80 and 84 , [ George H. W. ] Bush , [ Phil ] Gramm in 96 , [ George W. ] Bush in 2000 and , Romney in 08 .
Reagan , [ George H. W. ] Bush in 88 and 92 , [ Phil ] Gramm , [ George W. ] Bush in 2000 and , Romney .
Reagan , [ George H. W. ] Bush , [ Phil ] Gramm , [ George W. ] Bush and , Romney .
Reagan , [ George H. W. ] Bush in 88 and 92 , [ Phil ] Gramm in 96 , [ George W. ] Bush and , Romney in 08 .
Reagan in 80 and 84 , [ George H. W. ] Bush , [ Phil ] Gramm , [ George W. ] Bush and , Romney .
Reagan , [ George H. W. ] Bush in 88 and 92 , [ Phil ] Gramm , [ George W. ] Bush and , Romney .
Reagan in 80 and 84 , [ George H. W. ] Bush in 88 and 92 , [ Phil ] Gramm , [ George W. ] Bush in 2000 and , Romney .
Reagan in 80 and 84 , [ George H. W. ] Bush in 88 and 92 , [ Phil ] Gramm in 96 , [ George W. ] Bush and , Romney .
Reagan , [ George H. W. ] Bush , [ Phil ] Gramm , [ George W. ] Bush in 2000 and , Romney .
Reagan , [ George H. W. ] Bush in 88 and 92 , [ Phil ] Gramm in 96 , [ George W. ] Bush in 2000 and , Romney .
Reagan , [ George H. W. ] Bush , [ Phil ] Gramm in 96 , [ George W. ] Bush and , Romney in 08 .
Reagan in 80 and 84 , [ George H. W. ] Bush , [ Phil ] Gramm , [ George W. ] Bush in 2000 and , Romney .
Reagan , [ George H. W. ] Bush in 88 and 92 , [ Phil ] Gramm , [ George W. ] Bush and , Romney in 08 .
Reagan in 80 and 84 , [ George H. W. ] Bush , [ Phil ] Gramm , [ George W. ] Bush in 2000 and , Romney in 08 .
Reagan , [ George H. W. ] Bush in 88 and 92 , [ Phil ] Gramm in 96 , [ George W. ] Bush and , Romney .
Reagan , [ George H. W. ] Bush , [ Phil ] Gramm in 96 , [ George W. ] Bush and , Romney .
Reagan in 80 and 84 , [ George H. W. ] Bush , [ Phil ] Gramm , [ George W. ] Bush and , Romney in 08 .
Reagan , [ George H. W. ] Bush in 88 and 92 , [ Phil ] Gramm in 96 , [ George W. ] Bush in 2000 and , Romney in 08 .
Reagan in 80 and 84 , [ George H. W. ] Bush in 88 and 92 , [ Phil ] Gramm , [ George W. ] Bush in 2000 and , Romney in 08 .
Reagan , [ George H. W. ] Bush , [ Phil ] Gramm in 96 , [ George W. ] Bush in 2000 and , Romney .
Reagan , [ George H. W. ] Bush in 88 and 92 , [ Phil ] Gramm , [ George W. ] Bush in 2000 and , Romney in 08 .
Reagan in 80 and 84 , [ George H. W. ] Bush in 88 and 92 , [ Phil ] Gramm in 96 , [ George W. ] Bush and , Romney in 08 .
Reagan in 80 and 84 , [ George H. W. ] Bush in 88 and 92 , [ Phil ] Gramm , [ George W. ] Bush and , Romney in 08 .
Reagan , [ George H. W. ] Bush , [ Phil ] Gramm in 96 , [ George W. ] Bush in 2000 and , Romney in 08 .
Reagan , [ George H. W. ] Bush , [ Phil ] Gramm , [ George W. ] Bush in 2000 and , Romney in 08 .
Reagan , [ George H. W. ] Bush , [ Phil ] Gramm , [ George W. ] Bush and , Romney in 08 .

original sen: What are your thoughts on the job Barack Obama has done as president ?
What are your thoughts on the job Barack Obama has done ?
What are your thoughts ?

original sen: His direction to Eric Holder to enforce some laws and not others is another example .
His direction to enforce some laws and not others is another example .

original sen: If elected , what would constitute a successful presidency for you ?
If elected , what would constitute a successful presidency ?

original sen: Closing Loopholes and putting in place a system that is transparent and works .
Closing Loopholes and putting a system that is transparent and works .

original sen: Passing a Living Wage program lifting people out of poverty .
Passing a Living Wage program lifting people .

original sen: Returning America to a state of Peace and Security .
Returning America .
Returning America to a state .

original sen: What individuals would you like to see in a Hill administration ?
What individuals would you like to see ?

original sen: Hill ( right ) with fellow 2012 presidential candidate Buddy Roemer .
Hill ( right ) .

original sen: I believe it is our responsibility to pass on the same opportunities to future generations that were promised to us .
I believe it is our responsibility to pass on the same opportunities .
I believe it is our responsibility to pass on the same opportunities to future generations that were promised .
I believe it is our responsibility to pass .

original sen: As President , I intend to keep that promise !
, I intend to keep that promise !

original sen: Wikinews interviews Robert Sarvis , Libertarian Party nominee for Governor of Virginia
Wikinews interviews Robert Sarvis , Libertarian Party nominee for Governor
Wikinews interviews Robert Sarvis , Libertarian Party nominee

original sen: Attorney Robert Sarvis , the Libertarian Party 's nominee for Governor of Virginia , answered five questions submitted via e-mail by accredited Wikinews reporter William Saturn .
Attorney Robert Sarvis , the Libertarian Party 's nominee , answered five questions submitted via e-mail .
Attorney Robert Sarvis , the Libertarian Party 's nominee for Governor of Virginia , answered five questions submitted via e-mail .
Attorney Robert Sarvis , the Libertarian Party 's nominee for Governor , answered five questions submitted by accredited Wikinews reporter William Saturn .
Attorney Robert Sarvis , the Libertarian Party 's nominee , answered five questions submitted .
Attorney Robert Sarvis , the Libertarian Party 's nominee for Governor of Virginia , answered five questions submitted .
Attorney Robert Sarvis , the Libertarian Party 's nominee , answered five questions submitted via e-mail by accredited Wikinews reporter William Saturn .
Attorney Robert Sarvis , the Libertarian Party 's nominee , answered five questions submitted by accredited Wikinews reporter William Saturn .
Attorney Robert Sarvis , the Libertarian Party 's nominee for Governor of Virginia , answered five questions submitted by accredited Wikinews reporter William Saturn .
Attorney Robert Sarvis , the Libertarian Party 's nominee for Governor , answered five questions submitted via e-mail .
Attorney Robert Sarvis , the Libertarian Party 's nominee for Governor , answered five questions submitted .
Attorney Robert Sarvis , the Libertarian Party 's nominee for Governor , answered five questions submitted via e-mail by accredited Wikinews reporter William Saturn .

original sen: Sarvis has garnered double digits in opinion polls for the 2013 Virginia gubernatorial election , an unusual feat for a third party candidate .
Sarvis has garnered double digits polls for the 2013 Virginia gubernatorial election , an unusual feat for a third party candidate .
Sarvis has garnered double digits polls .
Sarvis has garnered double digits in opinion polls .
Sarvis has garnered double digits polls for the 2013 Virginia gubernatorial election , an unusual feat .
Sarvis has garnered double digits in opinion polls for the 2013 Virginia gubernatorial election , an unusual feat .

original sen: Whoever wins election on November 5 , 2013 , would replace outgoing governor Bob McDonnell .
Whoever wins election , would replace outgoing governor Bob McDonnell .

original sen: What is the most important aspect of your background that voters should know about ?
What is the most important aspect that voters should know about ?

original sen: I am the only candidate born and raised in Virginia , but also the only candidate who embodies both physically and philosophically the growing diversity of the commonwealth .
I am the only candidate born and raised , but also the only candidate who embodies both physically and philosophically the growing diversity .
I am the only candidate born and raised in Virginia , but also the only candidate who embodies both physically and philosophically the growing diversity .
I am the only candidate born and raised , but also the only candidate who embodies both physically and philosophically the growing diversity of the commonwealth .

original sen: I am the only candidate who has studied both economics and law , and the only candidate with a background in technology entrepreneurship .
I am the only candidate who has studied both economics and law , and the only candidate with a background .
I am the only candidate who has studied both economics and law , and the only candidate .

original sen: I am the only candidate who believes in both economic freedom and personal liberty and the only candidate who stands on principle against cronyism and corporatism and in favor of the rule of law .
I am the only candidate who believes in both economic freedom and personal liberty and the only candidate who stands on principle .
I am the only candidate who believes in both economic freedom and personal liberty and the only candidate who stands .
I am the only candidate who believes in both economic freedom and personal liberty and the only candidate who stands on principle against cronyism and corporatism and in favor .
I am the only candidate who believes in both economic freedom and personal liberty and the only candidate who stands on principle against cronyism and corporatism and in favor of the rule .
I am the only candidate who believes .

original sen: What are your thoughts on the job Bob McDonnell has done as Governor of Virginia ?
What are your thoughts on the job Bob McDonnell has done as Governor ?
What are your thoughts on the job Bob McDonnell has done ?
What are your thoughts ?

original sen: What would you have done differently than him ?
What would you have done differently ?

original sen: Those early budget efforts are his highest achievements as Governor .
Those early budget efforts are his highest achievements .

original sen: He could have shown much greater leadership in pushing for tax reform , regulatory reform , and school choice .
He could have shown much greater leadership in pushing .

original sen: Compared to previous third party candidates at the gubernatorial level , you have done exceptionally well in opinion polling .
, you have done exceptionally well in opinion polling .
Compared to previous third party candidates , you have done exceptionally well in opinion polling .
Compared to previous third party candidates at the gubernatorial level , you have done exceptionally well polling .
, you have done exceptionally well polling .
Compared to previous third party candidates , you have done exceptionally well polling .

original sen: Voters see the two-party system for the sham it has become .
Voters see the two-party system .

original sen: They are sick of the partisanship and nonsense and the total lack of substance in modern campaigns .
They are sick of the partisanship and nonsense and the total lack of substance .
They are sick of the partisanship and nonsense and the total lack .
They are sick .

original sen: If elected governor , how will you be able to implement your agenda while dealing with a hostile legislature ?
If elected governor , how will you be able to implement your agenda while dealing ?

original sen: There are precedents of independent governors dealing effectively with the legislature , and indeed a wise third-party governor can have greater effectiveness than a major party governor .
There are precedents of independent governors dealing effectively , and indeed a wise third-party governor can have greater effectiveness than a major party governor .
There are precedents of independent governors dealing effectively , and indeed a wise third-party governor can have greater effectiveness .
There are precedents , and indeed a wise third-party governor can have greater effectiveness .
There are precedents , and indeed a wise third-party governor can have greater effectiveness than a major party governor .
There are precedents of independent governors dealing effectively with the legislature , and indeed a wise third-party governor can have greater effectiveness .

original sen: He was incredibly learned and was a strong advocate for freedom and the rule of law .
He was incredibly learned and was a strong advocate for freedom and the rule .
He was incredibly learned and was a strong advocate .

original sen: Virginia , highlighted in red .
Virginia , highlighted .

original sen: Interview with LibriVox founder Hugh McGuire
Interview

original sen: Why did you decide to take the acoustic fate of public domain works into your own hands , and how did you go about it ?
Why did you decide to take the acoustic fate into your own hands , and how did you go ?
Why did you decide to take the acoustic fate , and how did you go about it ?
Why did you decide to take the acoustic fate into your own hands , and how did you go about it ?
Why did you decide to take the acoustic fate , and how did you go ?
Why did you decide to take the acoustic fate of public domain works , and how did you go ?
Why did you decide to take the acoustic fate of public domain works , and how did you go about it ?
Why did you decide to take the acoustic fate of public domain works into your own hands , and how did you go ?

original sen: I think that a vibrant public domain is very important to a healthy world , and so I thought : here 's a way to help the cause .
I think that a vibrant public domain is very important , and so I thought : here 's a way to help the cause .

original sen: That , I think , started my thinking about this , but it took a while for the idea to crystallize .
That , I think , started my thinking , but it took a while for the idea to crystallize .
That , I think , started my thinking about this , but it took a while .
That , I think , started my thinking , but it took a while .

original sen: Do you personally record audiobooks , and did you already do so before LibriVox ?
Do you personally record audiobooks , and did you already do so ?

original sen: Browsing the catalog , I find that the quality of the spoken audio varies greatly from text to text or even from chapter to chapter .
Browsing the catalog , I find that the quality varies greatly .
Browsing the catalog , I find that the quality of the spoken audio varies greatly from text .
Browsing the catalog , I find that the quality varies greatly from text to text or even from chapter .
Browsing the catalog , I find that the quality of the spoken audio varies greatly .
Browsing the catalog , I find that the quality of the spoken audio varies greatly from text to text or even from chapter .
Browsing the catalog , I find that the quality varies greatly from text to text or even from chapter to chapter .
Browsing the catalog , I find that the quality varies greatly from text .

original sen: You 'll note we offer a couple of versions of some books .
You 'll note we offer a couple .
You 'll note we offer a couple of versions .

original sen: Besides works whose copyright has expired , there is an increasing number of modern books available under Creative Commons and similar licenses .
there is an increasing number .
Besides works whose copyright has expired , there is an increasing number .
there is an increasing number of modern books available under Creative Commons and similar licenses .
there is an increasing number of modern books available .
Besides works whose copyright has expired , there is an increasing number of modern books available .

original sen: we find it makes things clear and easy to say : published works , public domain , and leave it at that .
we find it makes things clear and easy to say : published works , public domain , and leave it .

original sen: That 's good and well and fine with us .
That 's good and well and fine .

original sen: While Pride and Prejudice will attract many readers , I do n't know about O'Reilly 's latest tome on XML ... though I might be wrong .
While Pride and Prejudice will attract many readers , I do n't know about O'Reilly 's latest tome ... though I might be wrong .
While Pride and Prejudice will attract many readers , I do n't know ... though I might be wrong .

original sen: The far end of part of the convention floor , shortly after opening Friday .
The far end of part , shortly after opening Friday .
The far end , shortly after opening Friday .

original sen: The 22nd Fan Expo Canada took place at the Metro Toronto Convention Centre this weekend , attracting thousands to the event , one of the most popular in North America .
The 22nd Fan Expo Canada took place at the Metro Toronto Convention Centre this weekend , attracting thousands , one .
The 22nd Fan Expo Canada took place at the Metro Toronto Convention Centre this weekend , attracting thousands , one of the most popular in North America .
The 22nd Fan Expo Canada took place this weekend , attracting thousands , one of the most popular .
The 22nd Fan Expo Canada took place at the Metro Toronto Convention Centre this weekend , attracting thousands to the event , one of the most popular .
The 22nd Fan Expo Canada took place this weekend , attracting thousands to the event , one of the most popular in North America .
The 22nd Fan Expo Canada took place this weekend , attracting thousands to the event , one .
The 22nd Fan Expo Canada took place this weekend , attracting thousands , one of the most popular in North America .
The 22nd Fan Expo Canada took place this weekend , attracting thousands , one .
The 22nd Fan Expo Canada took place at the Metro Toronto Convention Centre this weekend , attracting thousands to the event , one .
The 22nd Fan Expo Canada took place this weekend , attracting thousands to the event , one of the most popular .
The 22nd Fan Expo Canada took place at the Metro Toronto Convention Centre this weekend , attracting thousands , one of the most popular .

original sen: Crossing between the genres of science fiction , horror , anime , fantasy and comics , the event sprawled throughout all corners of the facility .
Crossing between the genres of science fiction , horror , anime , fantasy and comics , the event sprawled .
Crossing between the genres , the event sprawled .
Crossing , the event sprawled throughout all corners .
Crossing , the event sprawled .
Crossing between the genres , the event sprawled throughout all corners of the facility .
Crossing , the event sprawled throughout all corners of the facility .
Crossing between the genres , the event sprawled throughout all corners .
Crossing between the genres of science fiction , horror , anime , fantasy and comics , the event sprawled throughout all corners .

original sen: Hundreds of vendors offered products new and old , joined by celebrity guests like Stan Lee , Mark Hamill , and Margaret Atwood .
Hundreds offered products new and old , joined .
Hundreds of vendors offered products new and old , joined by celebrity guests .
Hundreds offered products new and old , joined by celebrity guests like Stan Lee , Mark Hamill , and Margaret Atwood .
Hundreds offered products new and old , joined by celebrity guests .
Hundreds of vendors offered products new and old , joined .

original sen: Various local fan organizations were there in a charitable capacity , and thousands of fans donned costumes , many of which they themselves created .
Various local fan organizations were there , and thousands of fans donned costumes , many of which they themselves created .
Various local fan organizations were there , and thousands donned costumes , many they themselves created .
Various local fan organizations were there in a charitable capacity , and thousands donned costumes , many they themselves created .
Various local fan organizations were there in a charitable capacity , and thousands donned costumes , many of which they themselves created .
Various local fan organizations were there , and thousands of fans donned costumes , many they themselves created .
Various local fan organizations were there in a charitable capacity , and thousands of fans donned costumes , many they themselves created .
Various local fan organizations were there , and thousands donned costumes , many of which they themselves created .

original sen: Lee was making his final Canadian convention appearance , part of a larger farewell tour .
Lee was making his final Canadian convention appearance , part .

original sen: Hamill 's schedule included a panel with Kevin Conroy , the voice of Batman in Batman : The Animated Series , in which the Star Wars lead played the Joker .
Hamill 's schedule included a panel with Kevin Conroy , the voice of Batman : The Animated Series , in which the Star Wars lead played the Joker .
Hamill 's schedule included a panel .
Hamill 's schedule included a panel with Kevin Conroy , the voice : The Animated Series , the Star Wars lead played the Joker .
Hamill 's schedule included a panel with Kevin Conroy , the voice in Batman : The Animated Series , in which the Star Wars lead played the Joker .
Hamill 's schedule included a panel with Kevin Conroy , the voice : The Animated Series , in which the Star Wars lead played the Joker .
Hamill 's schedule included a panel with Kevin Conroy , the voice in Batman : The Animated Series , the Star Wars lead played the Joker .
Hamill 's schedule included a panel with Kevin Conroy , the voice of Batman in Batman : The Animated Series , the Star Wars lead played the Joker .
Hamill 's schedule included a panel with Kevin Conroy , the voice of Batman : The Animated Series , the Star Wars lead played the Joker .

original sen: From there , the demonstration took players to investigate the murder of Nightwing .
the demonstration took players to investigate the murder of Nightwing .
the demonstration took players to investigate the murder .
From there , the demonstration took players to investigate the murder .

original sen: The Northern Arena Esports Championship ran throughout the weekend , facing off teams of video gamers in a packed hall .
The Northern Arena Esports Championship ran , facing off teams of video gamers .
The Northern Arena Esports Championship ran throughout the weekend , facing off teams of video gamers .
The Northern Arena Esports Championship ran , facing off teams in a packed hall .
The Northern Arena Esports Championship ran throughout the weekend , facing off teams .
The Northern Arena Esports Championship ran throughout the weekend , facing off teams in a packed hall .
The Northern Arena Esports Championship ran , facing off teams of video gamers in a packed hall .
The Northern Arena Esports Championship ran , facing off teams .

original sen: The finals saw US team Cloud9 and Immortals , from Brazil , face off in Counter-Strike : Global Offensive .
The finals saw US team Cloud9 and Immortals , face off in Counter-Strike : Global Offensive .
The finals saw US team Cloud9 and Immortals , from Brazil , face off .
The finals saw US team Cloud9 and Immortals , face off .

original sen: Displays of charity at event
Displays of charity
Displays at event
Displays

original sen: The Canadian garrison of 501st Legion returned with their setup of photo-ops , with proceeds to the Make-A-Wish Foundation .
The Canadian garrison returned with their setup .
The Canadian garrison returned with their setup , with proceeds to the Make-A-Wish Foundation .
The Canadian garrison returned with their setup of photo-ops , with proceeds .
The Canadian garrison of 501st Legion returned with their setup , with proceeds .
The Canadian garrison of 501st Legion returned with their setup , with proceeds to the Make-A-Wish Foundation .
The Canadian garrison returned , with proceeds .
The Canadian garrison returned with their setup , with proceeds .
The Canadian garrison of 501st Legion returned with their setup of photo-ops .
The Canadian garrison returned with their setup of photo-ops .
The Canadian garrison of 501st Legion returned with their setup of photo-ops , with proceeds .
The Canadian garrison returned .
The Canadian garrison of 501st Legion returned with their setup .
The Canadian garrison of 501st Legion returned , with proceeds to the Make-A-Wish Foundation .
The Canadian garrison of 501st Legion returned , with proceeds .
The Canadian garrison returned with their setup of photo-ops , with proceeds to the Make-A-Wish Foundation .
The Canadian garrison of 501st Legion returned .
The Canadian garrison returned , with proceeds to the Make-A-Wish Foundation .

original sen: Volunteer organization Comic Corps of Canada collects donations of comics , to distribute to children and youth in the hospital .
Volunteer organization Comic Corps of Canada collects donations of comics , to distribute .
Volunteer organization Comic Corps collects donations , to distribute to children and youth in the hospital .
Volunteer organization Comic Corps of Canada collects donations , to distribute to children and youth in the hospital .
Volunteer organization Comic Corps collects donations of comics , to distribute in the hospital .
Volunteer organization Comic Corps collects donations , to distribute in the hospital .
Volunteer organization Comic Corps collects donations of comics , to distribute .
Volunteer organization Comic Corps of Canada collects donations , to distribute in the hospital .
Volunteer organization Comic Corps of Canada collects donations , to distribute to children and youth .
Volunteer organization Comic Corps collects donations of comics , to distribute to children and youth in the hospital .
Volunteer organization Comic Corps collects donations , to distribute to children and youth .
Volunteer organization Comic Corps of Canada collects donations of comics , to distribute to children and youth .
Volunteer organization Comic Corps collects donations of comics , to distribute to children and youth .
Volunteer organization Comic Corps of Canada collects donations of comics , to distribute in the hospital .
Volunteer organization Comic Corps collects donations , to distribute .
Volunteer organization Comic Corps of Canada collects donations , to distribute .

original sen: Brampton Spider-Gwen and Symbiote Spidey pose at the Comic Corps booth .
Brampton Spider-Gwen and Symbiote Spidey pose .

original sen: A showdown at the 501st Legion booth .
A showdown .

original sen: Epic Mickey by The Katherinator .
Epic Mickey .

original sen: Of the thousands , Wikinews spoke with a cosplayer going by the name " The Katherinator " .
Wikinews spoke .
Of the thousands , Wikinews spoke .
Wikinews spoke with a cosplayer going .
Of the thousands , Wikinews spoke with a cosplayer going .
Wikinews spoke with a cosplayer going by the name " The Katherinator " .

original sen: NASA celebrated the launch of the first space shuttle Tuesday at an event at the Kennedy Space Center ( KSC ) in Cape Canaveral , Florida .
NASA celebrated the launch of the first space shuttle Tuesday at an event .
NASA celebrated the launch of the first space shuttle Tuesday .
NASA celebrated the launch Tuesday .
NASA celebrated the launch of the first space shuttle Tuesday at an event at the Kennedy Space Center ( KSC ) .
NASA celebrated the launch Tuesday at an event at the Kennedy Space Center ( KSC ) in Cape Canaveral , Florida .
NASA celebrated the launch Tuesday at an event at the Kennedy Space Center ( KSC ) .
NASA celebrated the launch Tuesday at an event .

original sen: On April 12 , 1981 , Space Shuttle Columbia lifted off from the Kennedy Space Center on STS-1 , the first space shuttle mission .
, Space Shuttle Columbia lifted off from the Kennedy Space Center .
, Space Shuttle Columbia lifted off from the Kennedy Space Center on STS-1 , the first space shuttle mission .
, Space Shuttle Columbia lifted off .
On April 12 , 1981 , Space Shuttle Columbia lifted off .
On April 12 , 1981 , Space Shuttle Columbia lifted off from the Kennedy Space Center .

original sen: The prototype orbiter , Space Shuttle Enterprise would be relocated from the Smithsonian 's National Air and Space Museum Steven F. Udvar-Hazy Center at Washington Dulles International Airport to the Intrepid Sea-Air-Space Museum in New York City .
The prototype orbiter , Space Shuttle Enterprise would be relocated from the Smithsonian 's National Air and Space Museum Steven F. Udvar-Hazy Center at Washington Dulles International Airport .
The prototype orbiter , Space Shuttle Enterprise would be relocated from the Smithsonian 's National Air and Space Museum Steven F. Udvar-Hazy Center .
The prototype orbiter , Space Shuttle Enterprise would be relocated from the Smithsonian 's National Air and Space Museum Steven F. Udvar-Hazy Center at Washington Dulles International Airport to the Intrepid Sea-Air-Space Museum .
The prototype orbiter , Space Shuttle Enterprise would be relocated to the Intrepid Sea-Air-Space Museum in New York City .
The prototype orbiter , Space Shuttle Enterprise would be relocated to the Intrepid Sea-Air-Space Museum .
The prototype orbiter , Space Shuttle Enterprise would be relocated from the Smithsonian 's National Air and Space Museum Steven F. Udvar-Hazy Center to the Intrepid Sea-Air-Space Museum in New York City .
The prototype orbiter , Space Shuttle Enterprise would be relocated from the Smithsonian 's National Air and Space Museum Steven F. Udvar-Hazy Center to the Intrepid Sea-Air-Space Museum .
The prototype orbiter , Space Shuttle Enterprise would be relocated .

original sen: Discovery has already been retired following the completion of STS-133 last month , its 39th mission .
Discovery has already been retired .
Discovery has already been retired following the completion last month , its 39th mission .

original sen: Discovery is undergoing decommissioning and currently being prepped for display by removing toxic materials from the orbiter .
Discovery is undergoing decommissioning and currently being prepped for display by removing toxic materials .
Discovery is undergoing decommissioning and currently being prepped by removing toxic materials from the orbiter .
Discovery is undergoing decommissioning and currently being prepped by removing toxic materials .

original sen: Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch on STS-134 at the end of the month on April 29 , will be sent to the California Science Center in Los Angeles , California following its retirement .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch on STS-134 at the end on April 29 , will be sent to the California Science Center .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch at the end of the month on April 29 , will be sent to the California Science Center in Los Angeles , California following its retirement .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch at the end , will be sent following its retirement .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch on STS-134 at the end of the month on April 29 , will be sent following its retirement .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch on STS-134 at the end on April 29 , will be sent to the California Science Center following its retirement .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch , will be sent following its retirement .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch on STS-134 , will be sent to the California Science Center following its retirement .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch on STS-134 , will be sent to the California Science Center .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch at the end of the month on April 29 , will be sent to the California Science Center .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch at the end on April 29 , will be sent to the California Science Center in Los Angeles , California following its retirement .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch at the end on April 29 , will be sent .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch at the end of the month , will be sent to the California Science Center following its retirement .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch at the end , will be sent to the California Science Center in Los Angeles , California .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch at the end of the month on April 29 , will be sent to the California Science Center in Los Angeles , California .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch on April 29 , will be sent .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch at the end on April 29 , will be sent following its retirement .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch on STS-134 at the end of the month , will be sent to the California Science Center .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch on STS-134 at the end on April 29 , will be sent .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch , will be sent to the California Science Center in Los Angeles , California following its retirement .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch on April 29 , will be sent following its retirement .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch on STS-134 at the end of the month on April 29 , will be sent to the California Science Center .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch on STS-134 at the end on April 29 , will be sent to the California Science Center in Los Angeles , California .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch on STS-134 at the end , will be sent following its retirement .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch at the end of the month on April 29 , will be sent following its retirement .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch , will be sent to the California Science Center .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch on STS-134 at the end , will be sent to the California Science Center in Los Angeles , California following its retirement .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch on STS-134 , will be sent .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch at the end , will be sent to the California Science Center .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch at the end of the month , will be sent to the California Science Center in Los Angeles , California following its retirement .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch on STS-134 on April 29 , will be sent following its retirement .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch at the end on April 29 , will be sent to the California Science Center following its retirement .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch at the end , will be sent .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch at the end , will be sent to the California Science Center in Los Angeles , California following its retirement .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch , will be sent .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch on STS-134 at the end of the month , will be sent to the California Science Center in Los Angeles , California following its retirement .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch on STS-134 at the end of the month , will be sent to the California Science Center in Los Angeles , California .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch on STS-134 on April 29 , will be sent to the California Science Center following its retirement .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch on April 29 , will be sent to the California Science Center in Los Angeles , California following its retirement .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch at the end of the month on April 29 , will be sent .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch on April 29 , will be sent to the California Science Center in Los Angeles , California .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch on STS-134 at the end of the month on April 29 , will be sent to the California Science Center in Los Angeles , California .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch , will be sent to the California Science Center in Los Angeles , California .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch on STS-134 , will be sent following its retirement .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch on STS-134 on April 29 , will be sent to the California Science Center in Los Angeles , California .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch at the end of the month , will be sent .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch at the end on April 29 , will be sent to the California Science Center in Los Angeles , California .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch on STS-134 at the end , will be sent .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch on STS-134 at the end , will be sent to the California Science Center following its retirement .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch at the end of the month , will be sent following its retirement .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch at the end , will be sent to the California Science Center following its retirement .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch on STS-134 at the end of the month on April 29 , will be sent .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch at the end on April 29 , will be sent to the California Science Center .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch on STS-134 on April 29 , will be sent to the California Science Center .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch , will be sent to the California Science Center following its retirement .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch at the end of the month , will be sent to the California Science Center in Los Angeles , California .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch on April 29 , will be sent to the California Science Center .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch on STS-134 on April 29 , will be sent .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch at the end of the month , will be sent to the California Science Center .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch on STS-134 at the end , will be sent to the California Science Center .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch on STS-134 on April 29 , will be sent to the California Science Center in Los Angeles , California following its retirement .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch on STS-134 at the end of the month , will be sent .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch on STS-134 at the end of the month , will be sent following its retirement .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch on STS-134 at the end on April 29 , will be sent following its retirement .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch on STS-134 at the end of the month , will be sent to the California Science Center following its retirement .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch at the end of the month on April 29 , will be sent to the California Science Center following its retirement .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch on STS-134 at the end of the month on April 29 , will be sent to the California Science Center following its retirement .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch on STS-134 , will be sent to the California Science Center in Los Angeles , California .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch on STS-134 at the end , will be sent to the California Science Center in Los Angeles , California .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch on April 29 , will be sent to the California Science Center following its retirement .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch on STS-134 at the end on April 29 , will be sent to the California Science Center in Los Angeles , California following its retirement .
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch on STS-134 , will be sent to the California Science Center in Los Angeles , California following its retirement .

original sen: Finally , Atlantis will go on display at the Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex following the orbiter 's last flight which launches June 28 .
Finally , Atlantis will go on display at the Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex .
Finally , Atlantis will go .
Finally , Atlantis will go on display .

original sen: " This was a very difficult decision , but one that was made with the American public in mind .
" This was a very difficult decision , but one that was made .
" This was a very difficult decision , but one that was made with the American public .
" This was a very difficult decision , but one that was made in mind .

original sen: These facilities we 've chosen have a noteworthy legacy of preserving space artifacts and providing outstanding access to U.S. and international visitors . "
These facilities we 've chosen have a noteworthy legacy of preserving space artifacts and providing outstanding access . "

original sen: This was a very difficult decision , but one that was made with the American public in mind .
This was a very difficult decision , but one that was made in mind .
This was a very difficult decision , but one that was made with the American public .
This was a very difficult decision , but one that was made .

original sen: File image of Space Shuttle Atlantis lifting off , which approaches its last mission before retirement .
File image of Space Shuttle Atlantis lifting off , which approaches its last mission .
File image .

original sen: U.S. Senator John Cornyn , Republican from Texas , issued a statement regarding the rejection of Johnson Space Center ( JSC ) in Houston , Texas as a location .
U.S. Senator John Cornyn , Republican from Texas , issued a statement .
U.S. Senator John Cornyn , Republican , issued a statement regarding the rejection of Johnson Space Center ( JSC ) in Houston , Texas .
U.S. Senator John Cornyn , Republican , issued a statement as a location .
U.S. Senator John Cornyn , Republican , issued a statement regarding the rejection .
U.S. Senator John Cornyn , Republican from Texas , issued a statement regarding the rejection of Johnson Space Center ( JSC ) .
U.S. Senator John Cornyn , Republican from Texas , issued a statement regarding the rejection .
U.S. Senator John Cornyn , Republican , issued a statement regarding the rejection of Johnson Space Center ( JSC ) .
U.S. Senator John Cornyn , Republican , issued a statement regarding the rejection in Houston , Texas .
U.S. Senator John Cornyn , Republican , issued a statement regarding the rejection in Houston , Texas as a location .
U.S. Senator John Cornyn , Republican from Texas , issued a statement regarding the rejection of Johnson Space Center ( JSC ) as a location .
U.S. Senator John Cornyn , Republican from Texas , issued a statement regarding the rejection of Johnson Space Center ( JSC ) in Houston , Texas .
U.S. Senator John Cornyn , Republican from Texas , issued a statement regarding the rejection in Houston , Texas as a location .
U.S. Senator John Cornyn , Republican , issued a statement .
U.S. Senator John Cornyn , Republican , issued a statement regarding the rejection of Johnson Space Center ( JSC ) in Houston , Texas as a location .
U.S. Senator John Cornyn , Republican , issued a statement regarding the rejection as a location .
U.S. Senator John Cornyn , Republican from Texas , issued a statement as a location .
U.S. Senator John Cornyn , Republican , issued a statement regarding the rejection of Johnson Space Center ( JSC ) as a location .
U.S. Senator John Cornyn , Republican from Texas , issued a statement regarding the rejection as a location .
U.S. Senator John Cornyn , Republican from Texas , issued a statement regarding the rejection in Houston , Texas .

original sen: Houston has played a critical role throughout the life of the space shuttle , but it is clear political favors trumped common sense and fairness in the selection of the final locations for the orbiter fleet . "
Houston has played a critical role throughout the life , but it is clear political favors trumped common sense and fairness in the selection of the final locations . "
Houston has played a critical role , but it is clear political favors trumped common sense and fairness . "
Houston has played a critical role throughout the life of the space shuttle , but it is clear political favors trumped common sense and fairness in the selection . "
Houston has played a critical role throughout the life of the space shuttle , but it is clear political favors trumped common sense and fairness . "
Houston has played a critical role , but it is clear political favors trumped common sense and fairness in the selection of the final locations . "
Houston has played a critical role throughout the life , but it is clear political favors trumped common sense and fairness in the selection of the final locations for the orbiter fleet . "
Houston has played a critical role throughout the life , but it is clear political favors trumped common sense and fairness in the selection . "
Houston has played a critical role , but it is clear political favors trumped common sense and fairness in the selection of the final locations for the orbiter fleet . "
Houston has played a critical role throughout the life , but it is clear political favors trumped common sense and fairness . "
Houston has played a critical role throughout the life of the space shuttle , but it is clear political favors trumped common sense and fairness in the selection of the final locations . "
Houston has played a critical role , but it is clear political favors trumped common sense and fairness in the selection . "

original sen: Cornyn 's statement added , " There is no question Houston should have been selected as a final home for one of the orbiters — even Administrator Bolden stated as much .
Cornyn 's statement added , " There is no question Houston should have been selected as a final home for one — even Administrator Bolden stated as much .
Cornyn 's statement added , " There is no question Houston should have been selected for one of the orbiters — even Administrator Bolden stated as much .
Cornyn 's statement added , " There is no question Houston should have been selected — even Administrator Bolden stated as much .
Cornyn 's statement added , " There is no question Houston should have been selected for one — even Administrator Bolden stated as much .
Cornyn 's statement added , " There is no question Houston should have been selected as a final home — even Administrator Bolden stated as much .

original sen: However , the JSC will recieve pilot and commander seats from the flight deck .
However , the JSC will recieve pilot and commander seats .

original sen: In 2008 , Endeavour and Atlantis await a journey on their respective launchpads .
, Endeavour and Atlantis await a journey .
, Endeavour and Atlantis await a journey on their respective launchpads .
In 2008 , Endeavour and Atlantis await a journey .

original sen: The largest of the trainers , this addition will allow visitors to actually climb aboard the trainer and experience the hands-on training that astronauts get .
The largest , this addition will allow visitors to actually climb and experience the hands-on training that astronauts get .
The largest of the trainers , this addition will allow visitors to actually climb and experience the hands-on training that astronauts get .
The largest , this addition will allow visitors to actually climb aboard the trainer and experience the hands-on training that astronauts get .

original sen: Visitors will not be allowed in the other shuttles and this trainer is a true win for our dynamic museum .
Visitors will not be allowed in the other shuttles and this trainer is a true win .
Visitors will not be allowed and this trainer is a true win .
Visitors will not be allowed and this trainer is a true win for our dynamic museum .

original sen: It will help inspire young people to the adventure of space and to the excitement of a career in science , technology , engineering and math . "
It will help inspire young people to the adventure and to the excitement of a career . "
It will help inspire young people to the adventure of space and to the excitement . "
It will help inspire young people to the adventure and to the excitement . "
It will help inspire young people to the adventure of space and to the excitement of a career . "
It will help inspire young people to the adventure and to the excitement of a career in science , technology , engineering and math . "
It will help inspire young people . "

original sen: Other items include various shuttle simulators which will be given to the Adler Planetarium in Chicago , Illinois , the Evergreen Aviation & Space Museum of McMinnville , Oregon , and Texas A&M 's Aerospace Engineering Department .
Other items include various shuttle simulators which will be given to the Adler Planetarium in Chicago , Illinois , the Evergreen Aviation & Space Museum , and Texas A&M 's Aerospace Engineering Department .
Other items include various shuttle simulators which will be given to the Adler Planetarium .
Other items include various shuttle simulators which will be given .

original sen: The nose cap assembly and crew compartment trainer for the National Museum of the U.S. Air Force at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio and orbital maneuvering system engines for the U.S. Space and Rocket Center in Huntsville , Alabama , the National Air and Space Museum , and the Evergreen Aviation & Space Museum .
The nose cap assembly and crew compartment trainer for the National Museum and orbital maneuvering system engines , the National Air and Space Museum , and the Evergreen Aviation & Space Museum .
The nose cap assembly and crew compartment trainer for the National Museum of the U.S. Air Force at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base and orbital maneuvering system engines for the U.S. Space and Rocket Center , the National Air and Space Museum , and the Evergreen Aviation & Space Museum .
The nose cap assembly and crew compartment trainer for the National Museum at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio and orbital maneuvering system engines for the U.S. Space and Rocket Center , the National Air and Space Museum , and the Evergreen Aviation & Space Museum .
The nose cap assembly and crew compartment trainer for the National Museum of the U.S. Air Force at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base and orbital maneuvering system engines for the U.S. Space and Rocket Center in Huntsville , Alabama , the National Air and Space Museum , and the Evergreen Aviation & Space Museum .
The nose cap assembly and crew compartment trainer for the National Museum of the U.S. Air Force and orbital maneuvering system engines for the U.S. Space and Rocket Center in Huntsville , Alabama , the National Air and Space Museum , and the Evergreen Aviation & Space Museum .
The nose cap assembly and crew compartment trainer for the National Museum at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base and orbital maneuvering system engines , the National Air and Space Museum , and the Evergreen Aviation & Space Museum .
The nose cap assembly and crew compartment trainer for the National Museum of the U.S. Air Force at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base and orbital maneuvering system engines , the National Air and Space Museum , and the Evergreen Aviation & Space Museum .
The nose cap assembly and crew compartment trainer for the National Museum at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio and orbital maneuvering system engines , the National Air and Space Museum , and the Evergreen Aviation & Space Museum .
The nose cap assembly and crew compartment trainer for the National Museum of the U.S. Air Force and orbital maneuvering system engines , the National Air and Space Museum , and the Evergreen Aviation & Space Museum .
The nose cap assembly and crew compartment trainer for the National Museum at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio and orbital maneuvering system engines for the U.S. Space and Rocket Center in Huntsville , Alabama , the National Air and Space Museum , and the Evergreen Aviation & Space Museum .
The nose cap assembly and crew compartment trainer and orbital maneuvering system engines for the U.S. Space and Rocket Center , the National Air and Space Museum , and the Evergreen Aviation & Space Museum .
The nose cap assembly and crew compartment trainer and orbital maneuvering system engines for the U.S. Space and Rocket Center in Huntsville , Alabama , the National Air and Space Museum , and the Evergreen Aviation & Space Museum .
The nose cap assembly and crew compartment trainer for the National Museum at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base and orbital maneuvering system engines for the U.S. Space and Rocket Center , the National Air and Space Museum , and the Evergreen Aviation & Space Museum .
The nose cap assembly and crew compartment trainer and orbital maneuvering system engines , the National Air and Space Museum , and the Evergreen Aviation & Space Museum .
The nose cap assembly and crew compartment trainer for the National Museum of the U.S. Air Force at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio and orbital maneuvering system engines for the U.S. Space and Rocket Center , the National Air and Space Museum , and the Evergreen Aviation & Space Museum .
The nose cap assembly and crew compartment trainer for the National Museum and orbital maneuvering system engines for the U.S. Space and Rocket Center in Huntsville , Alabama , the National Air and Space Museum , and the Evergreen Aviation & Space Museum .
The nose cap assembly and crew compartment trainer for the National Museum at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base and orbital maneuvering system engines for the U.S. Space and Rocket Center in Huntsville , Alabama , the National Air and Space Museum , and the Evergreen Aviation & Space Museum .
The nose cap assembly and crew compartment trainer for the National Museum of the U.S. Air Force at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio and orbital maneuvering system engines , the National Air and Space Museum , and the Evergreen Aviation & Space Museum .
The nose cap assembly and crew compartment trainer for the National Museum and orbital maneuvering system engines for the U.S. Space and Rocket Center , the National Air and Space Museum , and the Evergreen Aviation & Space Museum .
The nose cap assembly and crew compartment trainer for the National Museum of the U.S. Air Force and orbital maneuvering system engines for the U.S. Space and Rocket Center , the National Air and Space Museum , and the Evergreen Aviation & Space Museum .

original sen: NASA is also offering shuttle heat shield tiles to schools and universities that want to share technology and a piece of space history with their students .
NASA is also offering shuttle heat shield tiles .
NASA is also offering shuttle heat shield tiles to schools and universities that want to share technology and a piece of space history .
NASA is also offering shuttle heat shield tiles to schools and universities that want to share technology and a piece .

original sen: The 30th anniversary of the first shuttle mission coincided with the 50th anniversary of the first manned space flight when Yuri Gagarin lifted off aboard Vostok 1 into space .
The 30th anniversary coincided with the 50th anniversary of the first manned space flight when Yuri Gagarin lifted off .
The 30th anniversary coincided when Yuri Gagarin lifted off aboard Vostok 1 into space .
The 30th anniversary of the first shuttle mission coincided with the 50th anniversary when Yuri Gagarin lifted off aboard Vostok 1 .
The 30th anniversary coincided with the 50th anniversary when Yuri Gagarin lifted off aboard Vostok 1 into space .
The 30th anniversary coincided with the 50th anniversary when Yuri Gagarin lifted off .
The 30th anniversary coincided with the 50th anniversary of the first manned space flight when Yuri Gagarin lifted off aboard Vostok 1 into space .
The 30th anniversary of the first shuttle mission coincided with the 50th anniversary when Yuri Gagarin lifted off into space .
The 30th anniversary of the first shuttle mission coincided with the 50th anniversary of the first manned space flight when Yuri Gagarin lifted off aboard Vostok 1 .
The 30th anniversary of the first shuttle mission coincided with the 50th anniversary of the first manned space flight when Yuri Gagarin lifted off into space .
The 30th anniversary of the first shuttle mission coincided with the 50th anniversary when Yuri Gagarin lifted off aboard Vostok 1 into space .
The 30th anniversary coincided when Yuri Gagarin lifted off aboard Vostok 1 .
The 30th anniversary of the first shuttle mission coincided when Yuri Gagarin lifted off .
The 30th anniversary of the first shuttle mission coincided with the 50th anniversary when Yuri Gagarin lifted off .
The 30th anniversary coincided when Yuri Gagarin lifted off .
The 30th anniversary of the first shuttle mission coincided when Yuri Gagarin lifted off aboard Vostok 1 into space .
The 30th anniversary coincided with the 50th anniversary when Yuri Gagarin lifted off into space .
The 30th anniversary of the first shuttle mission coincided when Yuri Gagarin lifted off into space .
The 30th anniversary coincided with the 50th anniversary of the first manned space flight when Yuri Gagarin lifted off aboard Vostok 1 .
The 30th anniversary coincided with the 50th anniversary of the first manned space flight when Yuri Gagarin lifted off into space .
The 30th anniversary of the first shuttle mission coincided with the 50th anniversary of the first manned space flight when Yuri Gagarin lifted off .
The 30th anniversary coincided when Yuri Gagarin lifted off into space .
The 30th anniversary coincided with the 50th anniversary when Yuri Gagarin lifted off aboard Vostok 1 .
The 30th anniversary of the first shuttle mission coincided when Yuri Gagarin lifted off aboard Vostok 1 .

original sen: Sensitive Canadian document found on rainy streets
Sensitive Canadian document found

original sen: The database was unveiled in 1999 as the National Enforcement Management Information System and Intelligence System .
The database was unveiled as the National Enforcement Management Information System and Intelligence System .
The database was unveiled in 1999 .
The database was unveiled .

original sen: " I 'm told two things : that it 's neither classified nor secret and that it 's stuff that could be available under access to information , " Baird said .
" I 'm told two things : that it 's neither classified nor secret and that it 's stuff that could be available under access , " Baird said .
" I 'm told two things : that it 's neither classified nor secret and that it 's stuff that could be available , " Baird said .

original sen: Dewar says that bureaucrats of the Conservative government have complained to him about document security to the point that they ca n`t share the information with their own colleagues .
Dewar says that bureaucrats have complained to him to the point that they ca n`t share the information .
Dewar says that bureaucrats of the Conservative government have complained to him to the point that they ca n`t share the information .
Dewar says that bureaucrats have complained to him to the point that they ca n`t share the information with their own colleagues .
Dewar says that bureaucrats have complained to the point that they ca n`t share the information with their own colleagues .
Dewar says that bureaucrats have complained to him about document security to the point that they ca n`t share the information .
Dewar says that bureaucrats have complained to the point that they ca n`t share the information .
Dewar says that bureaucrats of the Conservative government have complained to the point that they ca n`t share the information with their own colleagues .
Dewar says that bureaucrats of the Conservative government have complained to the point that they ca n`t share the information .
Dewar says that bureaucrats have complained about document security to the point that they ca n`t share the information with their own colleagues .
Dewar says that bureaucrats of the Conservative government have complained about document security to the point that they ca n`t share the information .
Dewar says that bureaucrats have complained about document security to the point that they ca n`t share the information .
Dewar says that bureaucrats of the Conservative government have complained to him to the point that they ca n`t share the information with their own colleagues .
Dewar says that bureaucrats have complained about document security .
Dewar says that bureaucrats have complained to him .
Dewar says that bureaucrats of the Conservative government have complained about document security to the point that they ca n`t share the information with their own colleagues .
Dewar says that bureaucrats of the Conservative government have complained .
Dewar says that bureaucrats of the Conservative government have complained to him .
Dewar says that bureaucrats have complained to him about document security .
Dewar says that bureaucrats of the Conservative government have complained to him about document security .
Dewar says that bureaucrats of the Conservative government have complained about document security .
Dewar says that bureaucrats have complained .
Dewar says that bureaucrats of the Conservative government have complained to him about document security to the point that they ca n`t share the information .
Dewar says that bureaucrats have complained to him about document security to the point that they ca n`t share the information with their own colleagues .

original sen: However , when a government document has been found on the streets , the government then says it was n't particularly sensitive .
However , when a government document has been found , the government then says it was n't particularly sensitive .

original sen: In March , a bundle of blueprints for a new headquarters for the military 's counterterrorism unit were found stuffed in the trash on a downtown street .
In March , a bundle for a new headquarters for the military 's counterterrorism unit were found stuffed in the trash .
a bundle of blueprints for a new headquarters were found stuffed in the trash on a downtown street .
In March , a bundle were found stuffed in the trash on a downtown street .
In March , a bundle of blueprints for a new headquarters were found stuffed in the trash .
a bundle of blueprints for a new headquarters were found stuffed in the trash .
In March , a bundle of blueprints for a new headquarters for the military 's counterterrorism unit were found stuffed on a downtown street .
a bundle of blueprints for a new headquarters for the military 's counterterrorism unit were found stuffed on a downtown street .
a bundle for a new headquarters were found stuffed in the trash .
In March , a bundle for a new headquarters for the military 's counterterrorism unit were found stuffed in the trash on a downtown street .
a bundle for a new headquarters for the military 's counterterrorism unit were found stuffed in the trash on a downtown street .
a bundle of blueprints for a new headquarters were found stuffed on a downtown street .
a bundle of blueprints were found stuffed in the trash on a downtown street .
a bundle of blueprints for a new headquarters for the military 's counterterrorism unit were found stuffed .
In March , a bundle were found stuffed in the trash .
In March , a bundle of blueprints for a new headquarters for the military 's counterterrorism unit were found stuffed in the trash .
a bundle for a new headquarters for the military 's counterterrorism unit were found stuffed on a downtown street .
a bundle of blueprints were found stuffed in the trash .
In March , a bundle of blueprints for a new headquarters were found stuffed in the trash on a downtown street .
In March , a bundle for a new headquarters for the military 's counterterrorism unit were found stuffed on a downtown street .
In March , a bundle of blueprints were found stuffed in the trash on a downtown street .
a bundle were found stuffed on a downtown street .
In March , a bundle for a new headquarters were found stuffed .
a bundle for a new headquarters for the military 's counterterrorism unit were found stuffed .
In March , a bundle for a new headquarters were found stuffed in the trash .
In March , a bundle of blueprints were found stuffed .
In March , a bundle of blueprints were found stuffed on a downtown street .
In March , a bundle for a new headquarters were found stuffed in the trash on a downtown street .
a bundle for a new headquarters for the military 's counterterrorism unit were found stuffed in the trash .
In March , a bundle for a new headquarters for the military 's counterterrorism unit were found stuffed .
In March , a bundle of blueprints for a new headquarters were found stuffed .
a bundle were found stuffed .
In March , a bundle of blueprints for a new headquarters for the military 's counterterrorism unit were found stuffed .
a bundle for a new headquarters were found stuffed on a downtown street .
a bundle were found stuffed in the trash .
a bundle of blueprints were found stuffed .
a bundle of blueprints were found stuffed on a downtown street .
a bundle for a new headquarters were found stuffed in the trash on a downtown street .
a bundle were found stuffed in the trash on a downtown street .
In March , a bundle were found stuffed on a downtown street .
In March , a bundle of blueprints for a new headquarters were found stuffed on a downtown street .
a bundle of blueprints for a new headquarters were found stuffed .
In March , a bundle of blueprints were found stuffed in the trash .
In March , a bundle for a new headquarters were found stuffed on a downtown street .
a bundle for a new headquarters were found stuffed .
In March , a bundle were found stuffed .
a bundle of blueprints for a new headquarters for the military 's counterterrorism unit were found stuffed in the trash on a downtown street .
a bundle of blueprints for a new headquarters for the military 's counterterrorism unit were found stuffed in the trash .

original sen: In May , Maxime Bernier was forced to resign as Foreign Affairs minister after it became known that he left sensitive documents at the apartment of his then-girlfriend Julie Couillard who had ties to the Hells Angels biker gang .
In May , Maxime Bernier was forced to resign after it became known that he left sensitive documents at the apartment of his then-girlfriend Julie Couillard who had ties to the Hells Angels biker gang .
In May , Maxime Bernier was forced to resign as Foreign Affairs minister after it became known that he left sensitive documents .
, Maxime Bernier was forced to resign as Foreign Affairs minister after it became known that he left sensitive documents at the apartment .
In May , Maxime Bernier was forced to resign after it became known that he left sensitive documents .
In May , Maxime Bernier was forced to resign after it became known that he left sensitive documents at the apartment of his then-girlfriend Julie Couillard who had ties .
, Maxime Bernier was forced to resign as Foreign Affairs minister after it became known that he left sensitive documents at the apartment of his then-girlfriend Julie Couillard who had ties .
, Maxime Bernier was forced to resign after it became known that he left sensitive documents .
, Maxime Bernier was forced to resign as Foreign Affairs minister after it became known that he left sensitive documents at the apartment of his then-girlfriend Julie Couillard who had ties to the Hells Angels biker gang .
In May , Maxime Bernier was forced to resign after it became known that he left sensitive documents at the apartment .
, Maxime Bernier was forced to resign as Foreign Affairs minister after it became known that he left sensitive documents .
, Maxime Bernier was forced to resign after it became known that he left sensitive documents at the apartment of his then-girlfriend Julie Couillard who had ties .
In May , Maxime Bernier was forced to resign as Foreign Affairs minister after it became known that he left sensitive documents at the apartment of his then-girlfriend Julie Couillard who had ties .
, Maxime Bernier was forced to resign after it became known that he left sensitive documents at the apartment of his then-girlfriend Julie Couillard who had ties to the Hells Angels biker gang .
, Maxime Bernier was forced to resign after it became known that he left sensitive documents at the apartment .
In May , Maxime Bernier was forced to resign as Foreign Affairs minister after it became known that he left sensitive documents at the apartment .

original sen: " Sensitive government document found on rainy Ottawa street " — CBC.ca , August 15 , 2008
" Sensitive government document found " — CBC.ca , August 15 , 2008

original sen: " Document found on street not secret , say feds " — The Canadian Press , August 15 , 2008
" Document found not secret , say feds " — The Canadian Press , August 15 , 2008

original sen: Since the 1960s , Oakland has been a hub of radical culture , and is the birthplace of both the Black Panther Party and the Hell 's Angels .
Oakland has been a hub , and is the birthplace of both the Black Panther Party and the Hell 's Angels .
Oakland has been a hub , and is the birthplace .
Oakland has been a hub of radical culture , and is the birthplace .
Since the 1960s , Oakland has been a hub of radical culture , and is the birthplace .
Since the 1960s , Oakland has been a hub , and is the birthplace .
Oakland has been a hub of radical culture , and is the birthplace of both the Black Panther Party and the Hell 's Angels .
Since the 1960s , Oakland has been a hub , and is the birthplace of both the Black Panther Party and the Hell 's Angels .

original sen: Oakland 's history in the arts and entertainment arena is notable as well , as Oakland has nurtured or been a second home to novelists Gertrude Stein , Jack London , Amy Tan , and Maya Angelou ; actors Meryl Streep , Mark Hamill , Bruce Lee , and Tom Hanks ; architect Julia " Butterfly " Hill ; classical conductor Calvin Simmons ; rappers MC Hammer , 2Pac , Messy Marv , and several other notables in the liberal arts and sciences .
Oakland 's history in the arts and entertainment arena is notable as well , as Oakland has nurtured or been a second home to novelists Gertrude Stein , Jack London , Amy Tan , and Maya Angelou ; actors Meryl Streep , Mark Hamill , Bruce Lee , and Tom Hanks ; architect Julia " Butterfly " Hill ; classical conductor Calvin Simmons ; rappers MC Hammer , 2Pac , Messy Marv , and several other notables .
Oakland 's history is notable as well , as Oakland has nurtured or been a second home to novelists Gertrude Stein , Jack London , Amy Tan , and Maya Angelou ; actors Meryl Streep , Mark Hamill , Bruce Lee , and Tom Hanks ; architect Julia " Butterfly " Hill ; classical conductor Calvin Simmons ; rappers MC Hammer , 2Pac , Messy Marv , and several other notables .
Oakland 's history is notable as well , as Oakland has nurtured or been a second home to novelists Gertrude Stein , Jack London , Amy Tan , and Maya Angelou ; actors Meryl Streep , Mark Hamill , Bruce Lee , and Tom Hanks ; architect Julia " Butterfly " Hill ; classical conductor Calvin Simmons ; rappers MC Hammer , 2Pac , Messy Marv , and several other notables in the liberal arts and sciences .
Oakland 's history is notable as well , as Oakland has nurtured or been a second home .
Oakland 's history in the arts and entertainment arena is notable as well , as Oakland has nurtured or been a second home .

original sen: Oakland as a city reflects the amazing diversity of its residents and long history .
Oakland as a city reflects the amazing diversity .
Oakland reflects the amazing diversity .
Oakland reflects the amazing diversity of its residents and long history .

original sen: Many of the buildings and streets of Chinatown reflect the diverse nature of its history , in architecture and in the bilingual signs seen throughout the neighborhood .
Many of the buildings and streets reflect the diverse nature .
Many reflect the diverse nature of its history .
Many of the buildings and streets reflect the diverse nature of its history , in architecture and in the bilingual signs seen .
Many of the buildings and streets reflect the diverse nature of its history .
Many reflect the diverse nature .
Many reflect the diverse nature of its history , in architecture and in the bilingual signs seen .
Many of the buildings and streets of Chinatown reflect the diverse nature of its history , in architecture and in the bilingual signs seen .
Many of the buildings and streets of Chinatown reflect the diverse nature of its history .
Many reflect the diverse nature of its history , in architecture and in the bilingual signs seen throughout the neighborhood .
Many of the buildings and streets reflect the diverse nature of its history , in architecture and in the bilingual signs seen throughout the neighborhood .
Many of the buildings and streets of Chinatown reflect the diverse nature .

original sen: The curious traveler can venture to take a bus southwards along Broadway , and come to Jack London Square .
The curious traveler can venture to take a bus southwards , and come to Jack London Square .
The curious traveler can venture to take a bus southwards , and come .
The curious traveler can venture to take a bus southwards along Broadway , and come .

original sen: In the evening it buzzes with art galleries , theaters and residents and Bay Area visitors coming into the area to see concerts .
it buzzes with art galleries , theaters and residents and Bay Area visitors coming to see concerts .
In the evening it buzzes with art galleries , theaters and residents and Bay Area visitors coming to see concerts .
it buzzes with art galleries , theaters and residents and Bay Area visitors coming into the area to see concerts .
In the evening it buzzes .
it buzzes .

original sen: Many of the neighborhoods are commercial centers and absolute heaven for foodies or those who seek quieter surroundings than the hustle and bustle of Downtown and Chinatown .
Many are commercial centers and absolute heaven for foodies or those who seek quieter surroundings than the hustle and bustle of Downtown and Chinatown .
Many of the neighborhoods are commercial centers and absolute heaven for foodies or those who seek quieter surroundings .
Many of the neighborhoods are commercial centers and absolute heaven .
Many are commercial centers and absolute heaven .
Many are commercial centers and absolute heaven for foodies or those who seek quieter surroundings .
Many of the neighborhoods are commercial centers and absolute heaven for foodies or those who seek quieter surroundings than the hustle and bustle .
Many are commercial centers and absolute heaven for foodies or those who seek quieter surroundings than the hustle and bustle .

original sen: It has lots of local boutiques and a diverse range of food at all prices and styles .
It has lots of local boutiques and a diverse range of food .
It has lots .
It has lots of local boutiques and a diverse range at all prices and styles .
It has lots of local boutiques and a diverse range .

original sen: It has seen a period of decline between the 1960s and the more recent past .
It has seen a period of decline .
It has seen a period .

original sen: Strangely , twice in its history the neighborhood has seen benefits from major earthquakes .
Strangely , twice in its history the neighborhood has seen benefits .
Strangely , twice the neighborhood has seen benefits .
Strangely , twice the neighborhood has seen benefits from major earthquakes .

original sen: Among Thais , there are strict rules of hierarchy that dictate how and when the wai should be given .
there are strict rules .
there are strict rules of hierarchy that dictate how and when the wai should be given .
Among Thais , there are strict rules .

original sen: Personal appearance is very important in Thailand as a measure of respect to other people .
Personal appearance is very important .
Personal appearance is very important in Thailand as a measure of respect .
Personal appearance is very important in Thailand .
Personal appearance is very important as a measure .
Personal appearance is very important as a measure of respect .
Personal appearance is very important as a measure of respect to other people .
Personal appearance is very important in Thailand as a measure .

original sen: At a minimum your clothes should be neat , clean , and free from holes or tears .
your clothes should be neat , clean , and free .
your clothes should be neat , clean , and free from holes or tears .
At a minimum your clothes should be neat , clean , and free .

original sen: shorts are primarily worn by laborers and schoolchildren .
shorts are primarily worn .

original sen: It is best to play it safe with wats and other sacred sites in Thailand ;
It is best to play it safe ;
It is best to play it safe with wats and other sacred sites ;

original sen: your dress should be unambiguously modest and cover your entire torso and most of your limbs .
your dress should be unambiguously modest and cover your entire torso and most .

original sen: For men , ankle-length pants are mandatory ;
, ankle-length pants are mandatory ;

original sen: Buddhist monks are meant to avoid sexual temptations , and in particular they do not touch women or take things from women 's hands .
Buddhist monks are meant to avoid sexual temptations , and they do not touch women or take things from women 's hands .
Buddhist monks are meant to avoid sexual temptations , and in particular they do not touch women or take things .
Buddhist monks are meant to avoid sexual temptations , and they do not touch women or take things .

original sen: Monks will sometimes be aided by a layman who will accept things from women merit-makers on their behalf .
Monks will sometimes be aided by a layman who will accept things from women merit-makers .
Monks will sometimes be aided by a layman who will accept things on their behalf .
Monks will sometimes be aided .
Monks will sometimes be aided by a layman who will accept things .

original sen: Therefore , should you wish to donate to a monk , you should only offer food , and put your monetary donation in the appropriate donation box at the temple .
Therefore , should you wish to donate , you should only offer food , and put your monetary donation .
Therefore , should you wish to donate , you should only offer food , and put your monetary donation in the appropriate donation box .
Therefore , should you wish to donate to a monk , you should only offer food , and put your monetary donation in the appropriate donation box .
Therefore , should you wish to donate to a monk , you should only offer food , and put your monetary donation .
Therefore , should you wish to donate , you should only offer food , and put your monetary donation in the appropriate donation box at the temple .

original sen: The beautiful harbour opposite the main town of Neiafu ( known as the Port of Refuge Harbour ) is a common destination for yachties sailing the South Pacific .
The beautiful harbour ( known as the Port ) is a common destination .
The beautiful harbour ( known ) is a common destination .
The beautiful harbour ( known as the Port of Refuge Harbour ) is a common destination .
The beautiful harbour ( known as the Port ) is a common destination for yachties sailing the South Pacific .
The beautiful harbour opposite the main town ( known as the Port ) is a common destination .
The beautiful harbour opposite the main town of Neiafu ( known as the Port of Refuge Harbour ) is a common destination .
The beautiful harbour opposite the main town of Neiafu ( known as the Port ) is a common destination for yachties sailing the South Pacific .
The beautiful harbour ( known ) is a common destination for yachties sailing the South Pacific .
The beautiful harbour opposite the main town of Neiafu ( known as the Port ) is a common destination .
The beautiful harbour opposite the main town ( known ) is a common destination .
The beautiful harbour ( known as the Port of Refuge Harbour ) is a common destination for yachties sailing the South Pacific .
The beautiful harbour opposite the main town ( known as the Port ) is a common destination for yachties sailing the South Pacific .
The beautiful harbour opposite the main town ( known as the Port of Refuge Harbour ) is a common destination for yachties sailing the South Pacific .
The beautiful harbour opposite the main town ( known ) is a common destination for yachties sailing the South Pacific .
The beautiful harbour opposite the main town of Neiafu ( known ) is a common destination .
The beautiful harbour opposite the main town ( known as the Port of Refuge Harbour ) is a common destination .
The beautiful harbour opposite the main town of Neiafu ( known ) is a common destination for yachties sailing the South Pacific .

original sen: The waters of the islands are known for their clarity , it being said that you can see the bottom at 40 metres .
The waters are known , it being said that you can see the bottom .
The waters of the islands are known , it being said that you can see the bottom .
The waters are known for their clarity , it being said that you can see the bottom .
The waters of the islands are known , it being said that you can see the bottom at 40 metres .
The waters of the islands are known for their clarity , it being said that you can see the bottom .
The waters are known for their clarity , it being said that you can see the bottom at 40 metres .
The waters are known , it being said that you can see the bottom at 40 metres .

original sen: The area attracts many humpback whales between June and November and there are lots of companies organising tours to see them .
The area attracts many humpback whales between June and November and there are lots .
The area attracts many humpback whales and there are lots .
The area attracts many humpback whales and there are lots of companies organising tours to see them .

original sen: These days there are around 20000 people living in the Group .
These days there are around 20000 people living .

original sen: This is the high season for tourism ;
This is the high season ;

original sen: between December and April few people visit and many tour companies and restaurants close down .
few people visit and many tour companies and restaurants close down .

original sen: Neiafu town is the centre of activity .
Neiafu town is the centre .

original sen: It does n't have a beach but boats to one of the nearby coral atolls with superb sandy beaches are easily available .
It does n't have a beach but boats are easily available .
It does n't have a beach but boats to one are easily available .
It does n't have a beach but boats to one of the nearby coral atolls are easily available .

original sen: It is sunny throughout the year .
It is sunny .

original sen: Between November and April , it is more humid and thunderstorms and cyclones do occur .
, it is more humid and thunderstorms and cyclones do occur .

original sen: Port of Refuge Harbor at Neiafu
Port Harbor at Neiafu
Port of Refuge Harbor
Port Harbor

original sen: There are some good beaches and plenty of secluded cove beaches and protected bays with good snorkelling .
There are some good beaches and plenty and protected bays .
There are some good beaches and plenty and protected bays with good snorkelling .
There are some good beaches and plenty of secluded cove beaches and protected bays .

original sen: Avai'o'vuna Swamp is a small coastal wetland on the island .
Avai'o'vuna Swamp is a small coastal wetland .

original sen: This is some 35 minutes from Neiafu Harbour and provides the main concentration of humpback whales .
This is some 35 minutes from Neiafu Harbour and provides the main concentration .
This is some 35 minutes and provides the main concentration .
This is some 35 minutes and provides the main concentration of humpback whales .

original sen: The island lies in deep water and has sheltered waters and bays which provide a resting place for humpbacks with calves .
The island lies and has sheltered waters and bays which provide a resting place .
The island lies and has sheltered waters and bays which provide a resting place for humpbacks .
The island lies in deep water and has sheltered waters and bays which provide a resting place .
The island lies and has sheltered waters and bays which provide a resting place for humpbacks with calves .
The island lies in deep water and has sheltered waters and bays which provide a resting place for humpbacks .

original sen: Method 1 of 2 : From Seeds
Method 1 : From Seeds
Method 1
Method 1 of 2

original sen: These can be bought at garden centers or purchased online .
These can be bought or purchased online .

original sen: In a shady garden bed , simply scatter the seeds on the soil .
, simply scatter the seeds .
In a shady garden bed , simply scatter the seeds .
, simply scatter the seeds on the soil .

original sen: Method 2 of 2 : From Cuttings
Method 2
Method 2 of 2
Method 2 : From Cuttings

original sen: To do this , choose pads ( the flat , oval-shaped sections that make up a cactus ) that are 6 months old or older and cut them at the base .
To do this , choose pads ( the flat , oval-shaped sections that make up a cactus ) that are 6 months old or older and cut them .

original sen: Make sure there are holes in the center of the base of each pot to allow for good drainage .
Make sure there are holes in the center to allow for good drainage .
Make sure there are holes to allow for good drainage .
Make sure there are holes in the center of the base to allow for good drainage .
Make sure there are holes in the center to allow .
Make sure there are holes to allow .
Make sure there are holes in the center of the base to allow .
Make sure there are holes in the center of the base of each pot to allow .

original sen: Put some rocks around the pad to anchor it in place .
Put some rocks to anchor it in place .
Put some rocks around the pad to anchor it .
Put some rocks to anchor it .

original sen: This will prevent the cuttings from burning during the hottest part of the day .
This will prevent the cuttings from burning during the hottest part .
This will prevent the cuttings from burning .

original sen: Make sure the spot is sheltered from any cold winter winds .
Make sure the spot is sheltered .

original sen: Wait for a month .
Wait .

original sen: Do not water the cutting for the first month .
Do not water the cutting .

original sen: The moisture in the pad will provide enough nutrients for roots to grow .
The moisture will provide enough nutrients for roots to grow .
The moisture in the pad will provide enough nutrients .
The moisture will provide enough nutrients .

original sen: After 1 month , roots will have sprouted and you can water the cutting for the first time .
After 1 month , roots will have sprouted and you can water the cutting .
, roots will have sprouted and you can water the cutting .
, roots will have sprouted and you can water the cutting for the first time .

original sen: From the first pad , many more will form .
, many more will form .

original sen: The second or third pad will bear some flowers , but wait before harvesting them or you might affect the size of future harvests .
The second or third pad will bear some flowers , but wait before harvesting them or you might affect the size .

original sen: They 're guaranteed to be light and fluffy and perfect for any occasion .
They 're guaranteed to be light and fluffy and perfect .

original sen: Servings : 18 - 24 ( fewer if you opt for larger-sized cupcakes )
Servings : 18 ( fewer if you opt for larger-sized cupcakes )
Servings : 18 ( fewer if you opt )
Servings : 18 - 24 ( fewer if you opt )

original sen: Vegan icing of your choice
Vegan icing

original sen: Pinch of salt
Pinch

original sen: Put to one side .
Put .

original sen: Alternatively , use a silicone cupcake baking sheet with molded holes .
Alternatively , use a silicone cupcake baking sheet .

original sen: Put the cider vinegar into a small bowl and add the soy milk .
Put the cider vinegar and add the soy milk .

original sen: Stir this well and then put to one side .
Stir this well and then put .

original sen: If you want chocolate cupcakes , add cocoa ( about 1/2 cup ) to this stage .
If you want chocolate cupcakes , add cocoa ( about 1/2 cup ) .

original sen: Usually fill each paper cupcake holder with about 1/4 cup of batter .
Usually fill each paper cupcake holder .
Usually fill each paper cupcake holder with about 1/4 cup .

original sen: Bake for 18 - 20 minutes .
Bake .
Bake for 18 minutes .

original sen: If you are n't certain , turn off the oven earlier and let them sit for a few more minutes rather than bake them into rocks .
If you are n't certain , turn off the oven earlier and let them sit rather than bake them into rocks .
If you are n't certain , turn off the oven earlier and let them sit rather than bake them .
If you are n't certain , turn off the oven earlier and let them sit for a few more minutes rather than bake them .

original sen: Pour the soy milk , vinegar , sugar , oil and vanilla into another bowl .
Pour the soy milk , vinegar , sugar , oil and vanilla .

original sen: Pour into the cupcake cases or cupcake holes .
Pour .

original sen: Place into the oven .
Place .

original sen: Bake for 20 to 25 minutes .
Bake for 20 minutes .
Bake .

original sen: Remove from the oven .
Remove .

original sen: You can add pureed fruit for delicious flavor changes .
You can add pureed fruit .

original sen: The cupcakes will not be as light and fluffy , however , so be prepared for a heavier cupcake if you add fruit but the added moisture content is a definite plus .
The cupcakes will not be as light and fluffy , however , so be prepared if you add fruit but the added moisture content is a definite plus .

original sen: You can replace the plain soy milk with other flavors like chocolate or vanilla if you want to experiment with changing the flavor of the cupcakes .
You can replace the plain soy milk with other flavors if you want to experiment with changing the flavor of the cupcakes .
You can replace the plain soy milk if you want to experiment with changing the flavor .
You can replace the plain soy milk if you want to experiment with changing the flavor of the cupcakes .
You can replace the plain soy milk with other flavors if you want to experiment with changing the flavor .
You can replace the plain soy milk with other flavors like chocolate or vanilla if you want to experiment with changing the flavor .

original sen: Having mice in your home is both a nuisance and a health hazard .
Having mice is both a nuisance and a health hazard .

original sen: In addition , repelling and removing rodents from your home can be a hassle if you do n't know what you are doing .
In addition , repelling and removing rodents can be a hassle if you do n't know what you are doing .
, repelling and removing rodents can be a hassle if you do n't know what you are doing .
, repelling and removing rodents from your home can be a hassle if you do n't know what you are doing .

original sen: It 's a good thing , then , that there are some simple ways to effectively get mice out of your home without the use of toxic chemicals and poisons .
It 's a good thing , then , that there are some simple ways to effectively get mice without the use .
It 's a good thing , then , that there are some simple ways to effectively get mice .
It 's a good thing , then , that there are some simple ways to effectively get mice out of your home .
It 's a good thing , then , that there are some simple ways to effectively get mice out of your home without the use .
It 's a good thing , then , that there are some simple ways to effectively get mice without the use of toxic chemicals and poisons .

original sen: Many times mice are drawn into homes on the search for food .
Many times mice are drawn .
Many times mice are drawn into homes on the search .
Many times mice are drawn into homes .

original sen: Keep all food stored properly in airtight containers or in places that are safe from mouse attack . [ 1 ]
Keep all food stored properly in airtight containers or in places that are safe . [ 1 ]
Keep all food stored properly . [ 1 ]

original sen: The smell is simply too intense for rodents and they will not try to go near it .
The smell is simply too intense for rodents and they will not try to go .
The smell is simply too intense and they will not try to go .
The smell is simply too intense and they will not try to go near it .

original sen: It also helps to mask the scent of any tasty morsels that have been missed when cleaning .
It also helps to mask the scent .

original sen: You can get peppermint oil in most health food stores and even some major grocery stores . [ 2 ]
You can get peppermint oil . [ 2 ]

original sen: Place a drop or two on a cotton ball .
Place a drop or two .

original sen: Place the cotton balls in areas where mice are likely to enter your house , by doorways , or heat vents , etc .
Place the cotton balls .
Place the cotton balls in areas where mice are likely to enter your house .

original sen: Peppermint oil cotton balls need to be replaced after 5 - 7 days , depending upon the quantity of oil you put on it .
Peppermint oil cotton balls need to be replaced after 5 days , depending upon the quantity of oil you put .
Peppermint oil cotton balls need to be replaced after 5 - 7 days , depending upon the quantity .
Peppermint oil cotton balls need to be replaced , depending upon the quantity of oil you put .
Peppermint oil cotton balls need to be replaced after 5 days , depending upon the quantity .
Peppermint oil cotton balls need to be replaced after 5 days .
Peppermint oil cotton balls need to be replaced after 5 - 7 days .
Peppermint oil cotton balls need to be replaced .
Peppermint oil cotton balls need to be replaced after 5 days , depending upon the quantity of oil you put on it .
Peppermint oil cotton balls need to be replaced , depending upon the quantity .
Peppermint oil cotton balls need to be replaced , depending upon the quantity of oil you put on it .
Peppermint oil cotton balls need to be replaced after 5 - 7 days , depending upon the quantity of oil you put .

original sen: Try growing peppermint plants near the entryways .
Try growing peppermint plants .

original sen: You can use the mint in cooking , as well as it serving a deterrent purpose .
You can use the mint , as well as it serving a deterrent purpose .

original sen: Visit a local reptile center , zoo , or pet store and ask for some dried snake poo .
Visit a local reptile center , zoo , or pet store and ask .

original sen: Place near entrances and in places where mice seem to go .
Place .

original sen: Be sure to keep the feces out of the reach of children and pets .
Be sure to keep the feces out of the reach .
Be sure to keep the feces .

original sen: Zap mice with ultrasonic sounds .
Zap mice .

original sen: They should be available at your local home improvement store or online .
They should be available .

original sen: The units may only work for a short time because mice can become used to them . [ 4 ]
The units may only work for a short time because mice can become used . [ 4 ]
The units may only work because mice can become used . [ 4 ]
The units may only work because mice can become used to them . [ 4 ]

original sen: Many of these products use natural ingredients , such as peppermint , that are known to be disagreeable to mice .
Many use natural ingredients , such as peppermint , that are known to be disagreeable to mice .
Many use natural ingredients , such as peppermint , that are known to be disagreeable .
Many use natural ingredients .
Many of these products use natural ingredients .
Many of these products use natural ingredients , such as peppermint , that are known to be disagreeable .

original sen: They will not kill mice but they should keep them out of areas where the product is applied .
They will not kill mice but they should keep them .

original sen: These products should be available at your local gardening or home improvement center .
These products should be available .

original sen: A house cat can take care of the problem .
A house cat can take care .

original sen: Kittens typically have to be taught by the mother to easily become a mouser .
Kittens typically have to be taught to easily become a mouser .

original sen: Well-food indoor kitties might just see the mouse as a toy , and grow quickly bored of it after scaring it half witless .
Well-food indoor kitties might just see the mouse , and grow quickly bored of it after scaring it half witless .
Well-food indoor kitties might just see the mouse , and grow quickly bored after scaring it half witless .
Well-food indoor kitties might just see the mouse as a toy , and grow quickly bored after scaring it half witless .

original sen: Shelters and adoption agencies often do not know if a cat is a good mouse hunter , and generally do not test for this .
Shelters and adoption agencies often do not know if a cat is a good mouse hunter , and generally do not test .

original sen: Place tubs of used kitty litter around entrances of the house .
Place tubs around entrances .
Place tubs .
Place tubs of used kitty litter .
Place tubs of used kitty litter around entrances .
Place tubs around entrances of the house .

original sen: The mice will sniff the smell of cat urine and clear off in a jiffy .
The mice will sniff the smell and clear off in a jiffy .
The mice will sniff the smell of cat urine and clear off .
The mice will sniff the smell and clear off .

original sen: If you have a large infestation , a cat may not be enough to totally get rid of it .
If you have a large infestation , a cat may not be enough to totally get rid .

original sen: Put your trash cans far from your home .
Put your trash cans far .

original sen: Mice smell garbage and get attracted to your house .
Mice smell garbage and get attracted .

original sen: If you keep the cans away from the house , they are less likely to take up residence in your home .
If you keep the cans away from the house , they are less likely to take up residence .
If you keep the cans away , they are less likely to take up residence in your home .
If you keep the cans away , they are less likely to take up residence .

original sen: This may take some time , but it 's worth the effort if you can attract a wild mouse eater to your yard . [ 6 ]
This may take some time , but it 's worth the effort if you can attract a wild mouse eater . [ 6 ]

original sen: A family of barn owls can eat many mice in a night !
A family can eat many mice in a night !
A family can eat many mice !
A family of barn owls can eat many mice !
