
original sen: 
The prevalence of discrimination across racial groups in contemporary America :
Oh , The prevalence of discrimination across racial groups in contemporary America :
Yup , The prevalence of discrimination across racial groups in contemporary America :
Um , The prevalence of discrimination across racial groups in contemporary America :
Ah , The prevalence of discrimination across racial groups in contemporary America :
Indeed , The prevalence of discrimination across racial groups in contemporary America :
In fact , The prevalence of discrimination across racial groups in contemporary America :
Actually , The prevalence of discrimination across racial groups in contemporary America :

original sen: 
Results from a nationally representative sample of adults
Oh , Results from a nationally representative sample of adults
Yup , Results from a nationally representative sample of adults
Um , Results from a nationally representative sample of adults
Ah , Results from a nationally representative sample of adults
Indeed , Results from a nationally representative sample of adults
In fact , Results from a nationally representative sample of adults
Actually , Results from a nationally representative sample of adults

original sen: 
Introduction .
Oh , Introduction .
Yup , Introduction .
Um , Introduction .
Ah , Introduction .
Indeed , Introduction .
In fact , Introduction .
Actually , Introduction .

original sen: 
Personal experiences of discrimination and bias have been the focus of much social science research . [ 1 - 3 ]
Oh , Personal experiences of discrimination and bias have been the focus of much social science research . [ 1 - 3 ]
Yup , Personal experiences of discrimination and bias have been the focus of much social science research . [ 1 - 3 ]
Um , Personal experiences of discrimination and bias have been the focus of much social science research . [ 1 - 3 ]
Ah , Personal experiences of discrimination and bias have been the focus of much social science research . [ 1 - 3 ]
Indeed , Personal experiences of discrimination and bias have been the focus of much social science research . [ 1 - 3 ]
In fact , Personal experiences of discrimination and bias have been the focus of much social science research . [ 1 - 3 ]
Actually , Personal experiences of discrimination and bias have been the focus of much social science research . [ 1 - 3 ]

original sen: 
Sociologists have explored the adverse consequences of discrimination [ 3 – 5 ] ;
Oh , Sociologists have explored the adverse consequences of discrimination [ 3 – 5 ] ;
Yup , Sociologists have explored the adverse consequences of discrimination [ 3 – 5 ] ;
Um , Sociologists have explored the adverse consequences of discrimination [ 3 – 5 ] ;
Ah , Sociologists have explored the adverse consequences of discrimination [ 3 – 5 ] ;
Indeed , Sociologists have explored the adverse consequences of discrimination [ 3 – 5 ] ;
In fact , Sociologists have explored the adverse consequences of discrimination [ 3 – 5 ] ;
Actually , Sociologists have explored the adverse consequences of discrimination [ 3 – 5 ] ;

original sen: 
psychologists have examined the mental processes that underpin conscious and unconscious biases [ 6 ] ;
Oh , psychologists have examined the mental processes that underpin conscious and unconscious biases [ 6 ] ;
Yup , psychologists have examined the mental processes that underpin conscious and unconscious biases [ 6 ] ;
Um , psychologists have examined the mental processes that underpin conscious and unconscious biases [ 6 ] ;
Ah , psychologists have examined the mental processes that underpin conscious and unconscious biases [ 6 ] ;
Indeed , psychologists have examined the mental processes that underpin conscious and unconscious biases [ 6 ] ;
In fact , psychologists have examined the mental processes that underpin conscious and unconscious biases [ 6 ] ;
Actually , psychologists have examined the mental processes that underpin conscious and unconscious biases [ 6 ] ;

original sen: 
neuroscientists have examined the neurobiological underpinnings of discrimination [ 7 – 9 ] ;
Oh , neuroscientists have examined the neurobiological underpinnings of discrimination [ 7 – 9 ] ;
Yup , neuroscientists have examined the neurobiological underpinnings of discrimination [ 7 – 9 ] ;
Um , neuroscientists have examined the neurobiological underpinnings of discrimination [ 7 – 9 ] ;
Ah , neuroscientists have examined the neurobiological underpinnings of discrimination [ 7 – 9 ] ;
Indeed , neuroscientists have examined the neurobiological underpinnings of discrimination [ 7 – 9 ] ;
In fact , neuroscientists have examined the neurobiological underpinnings of discrimination [ 7 – 9 ] ;
Actually , neuroscientists have examined the neurobiological underpinnings of discrimination [ 7 – 9 ] ;

original sen: 
In many respects , researchers already possess a wealth of knowledge concerning the origins and consequences of discrimination and bias . [ 11 ]
Oh , In many respects , researchers already possess a wealth of knowledge concerning the origins and consequences of discrimination and bias . [ 11 ]
Yup , In many respects , researchers already possess a wealth of knowledge concerning the origins and consequences of discrimination and bias . [ 11 ]
Um , In many respects , researchers already possess a wealth of knowledge concerning the origins and consequences of discrimination and bias . [ 11 ]
Ah , In many respects , researchers already possess a wealth of knowledge concerning the origins and consequences of discrimination and bias . [ 11 ]
Indeed , In many respects , researchers already possess a wealth of knowledge concerning the origins and consequences of discrimination and bias . [ 11 ]
In fact , In many respects , researchers already possess a wealth of knowledge concerning the origins and consequences of discrimination and bias . [ 11 ]
Actually , In many respects , researchers already possess a wealth of knowledge concerning the origins and consequences of discrimination and bias . [ 11 ]

original sen: 
What also should not be lost in discussion of discrimination is the growing push to implement social policy aimed at reducing the occurrence of discriminatory practices .
Oh , What also should not be lost in discussion of discrimination is the growing push to implement social policy aimed at reducing the occurrence of discriminatory practices .
Yup , What also should not be lost in discussion of discrimination is the growing push to implement social policy aimed at reducing the occurrence of discriminatory practices .
Um , What also should not be lost in discussion of discrimination is the growing push to implement social policy aimed at reducing the occurrence of discriminatory practices .
Ah , What also should not be lost in discussion of discrimination is the growing push to implement social policy aimed at reducing the occurrence of discriminatory practices .
Indeed , What also should not be lost in discussion of discrimination is the growing push to implement social policy aimed at reducing the occurrence of discriminatory practices .
In fact , What also should not be lost in discussion of discrimination is the growing push to implement social policy aimed at reducing the occurrence of discriminatory practices .
Actually , What also should not be lost in discussion of discrimination is the growing push to implement social policy aimed at reducing the occurrence of discriminatory practices .

original sen: 
Mandatory diversity trainings in professional settings , for example , are intended to reduce bias in the workplace by increasing the awareness of employees regarding the challenges facing minority group members . [ 12 ]
Oh , Mandatory diversity trainings in professional settings , for example , are intended to reduce bias in the workplace by increasing the awareness of employees regarding the challenges facing minority group members . [ 12 ]
Yup , Mandatory diversity trainings in professional settings , for example , are intended to reduce bias in the workplace by increasing the awareness of employees regarding the challenges facing minority group members . [ 12 ]
Um , Mandatory diversity trainings in professional settings , for example , are intended to reduce bias in the workplace by increasing the awareness of employees regarding the challenges facing minority group members . [ 12 ]
Ah , Mandatory diversity trainings in professional settings , for example , are intended to reduce bias in the workplace by increasing the awareness of employees regarding the challenges facing minority group members . [ 12 ]
Indeed , Mandatory diversity trainings in professional settings , for example , are intended to reduce bias in the workplace by increasing the awareness of employees regarding the challenges facing minority group members . [ 12 ]
In fact , Mandatory diversity trainings in professional settings , for example , are intended to reduce bias in the workplace by increasing the awareness of employees regarding the challenges facing minority group members . [ 12 ]
Actually , Mandatory diversity trainings in professional settings , for example , are intended to reduce bias in the workplace by increasing the awareness of employees regarding the challenges facing minority group members . [ 12 ]

original sen: 
Even so , estimates of the prevalence of perceived discrimination remains rare ( see [ 13 – 14 ] ) .
Oh , Even so , estimates of the prevalence of perceived discrimination remains rare ( see [ 13 – 14 ] ) .
Yup , Even so , estimates of the prevalence of perceived discrimination remains rare ( see [ 13 – 14 ] ) .
Um , Even so , estimates of the prevalence of perceived discrimination remains rare ( see [ 13 – 14 ] ) .
Ah , Even so , estimates of the prevalence of perceived discrimination remains rare ( see [ 13 – 14 ] ) .
Indeed , Even so , estimates of the prevalence of perceived discrimination remains rare ( see [ 13 – 14 ] ) .
In fact , Even so , estimates of the prevalence of perceived discrimination remains rare ( see [ 13 – 14 ] ) .
Actually , Even so , estimates of the prevalence of perceived discrimination remains rare ( see [ 13 – 14 ] ) .

original sen: 
The current study seeks to build on this research by estimating the prevalence of discrimination experiences among a large , nationally representative sample of adults from the United States .
Oh , The current study seeks to build on this research by estimating the prevalence of discrimination experiences among a large , nationally representative sample of adults from the United States .
Yup , The current study seeks to build on this research by estimating the prevalence of discrimination experiences among a large , nationally representative sample of adults from the United States .
Um , The current study seeks to build on this research by estimating the prevalence of discrimination experiences among a large , nationally representative sample of adults from the United States .
Ah , The current study seeks to build on this research by estimating the prevalence of discrimination experiences among a large , nationally representative sample of adults from the United States .
Indeed , The current study seeks to build on this research by estimating the prevalence of discrimination experiences among a large , nationally representative sample of adults from the United States .
In fact , The current study seeks to build on this research by estimating the prevalence of discrimination experiences among a large , nationally representative sample of adults from the United States .
Actually , The current study seeks to build on this research by estimating the prevalence of discrimination experiences among a large , nationally representative sample of adults from the United States .

original sen: 
Additionally , the analysis address the perceived reasons for reported discrimination experiences .
Oh , Additionally , the analysis address the perceived reasons for reported discrimination experiences .
Yup , Additionally , the analysis address the perceived reasons for reported discrimination experiences .
Um , Additionally , the analysis address the perceived reasons for reported discrimination experiences .
Ah , Additionally , the analysis address the perceived reasons for reported discrimination experiences .
Indeed , Additionally , the analysis address the perceived reasons for reported discrimination experiences .
In fact , Additionally , the analysis address the perceived reasons for reported discrimination experiences .
Actually , Additionally , the analysis address the perceived reasons for reported discrimination experiences .

original sen: 
Reason for discrimination .
Oh , Reason for discrimination .
Yup , Reason for discrimination .
Um , Reason for discrimination .
Ah , Reason for discrimination .
Indeed , Reason for discrimination .
In fact , Reason for discrimination .
Actually , Reason for discrimination .

original sen: 
All respondents who indicated they were discriminated against — specifically , those who responded with sometimes or often to the perceived discrimination measure described above — were asked the following question :
Oh , All respondents who indicated they were discriminated against — specifically , those who responded with sometimes or often to the perceived discrimination measure described above — were asked the following question :
Yup , All respondents who indicated they were discriminated against — specifically , those who responded with sometimes or often to the perceived discrimination measure described above — were asked the following question :
Um , All respondents who indicated they were discriminated against — specifically , those who responded with sometimes or often to the perceived discrimination measure described above — were asked the following question :
Ah , All respondents who indicated they were discriminated against — specifically , those who responded with sometimes or often to the perceived discrimination measure described above — were asked the following question :
Indeed , All respondents who indicated they were discriminated against — specifically , those who responded with sometimes or often to the perceived discrimination measure described above — were asked the following question :
In fact , All respondents who indicated they were discriminated against — specifically , those who responded with sometimes or often to the perceived discrimination measure described above — were asked the following question :
Actually , All respondents who indicated they were discriminated against — specifically , those who responded with sometimes or often to the perceived discrimination measure described above — were asked the following question :

original sen: 
“ What do you think was the main reason for these experiences ? ”
Oh , “ What do you think was the main reason for these experiences ? ”
Yup , “ What do you think was the main reason for these experiences ? ”
Um , “ What do you think was the main reason for these experiences ? ”
Ah , “ What do you think was the main reason for these experiences ? ”
Indeed , “ What do you think was the main reason for these experiences ? ”
In fact , “ What do you think was the main reason for these experiences ? ”
Actually , “ What do you think was the main reason for these experiences ? ”

original sen: 
Respondents were allowed to choose one response from 11 categories .
Oh , Respondents were allowed to choose one response from 11 categories .
Yup , Respondents were allowed to choose one response from 11 categories .
Um , Respondents were allowed to choose one response from 11 categories .
Ah , Respondents were allowed to choose one response from 11 categories .
Indeed , Respondents were allowed to choose one response from 11 categories .
In fact , Respondents were allowed to choose one response from 11 categories .
Actually , Respondents were allowed to choose one response from 11 categories .

original sen: 
For the present analysis , these responses were recoded into nine mutually exclusive categories capturing the following options :
Oh , For the present analysis , these responses were recoded into nine mutually exclusive categories capturing the following options :
Yup , For the present analysis , these responses were recoded into nine mutually exclusive categories capturing the following options :
Um , For the present analysis , these responses were recoded into nine mutually exclusive categories capturing the following options :
Ah , For the present analysis , these responses were recoded into nine mutually exclusive categories capturing the following options :
Indeed , For the present analysis , these responses were recoded into nine mutually exclusive categories capturing the following options :
In fact , For the present analysis , these responses were recoded into nine mutually exclusive categories capturing the following options :
Actually , For the present analysis , these responses were recoded into nine mutually exclusive categories capturing the following options :

original sen: 
gender ;
Oh , gender ;
Yup , gender ;
Um , gender ;
Ah , gender ;
Indeed , gender ;
In fact , gender ;
Actually , gender ;

original sen: 
age ;
Oh , age ;
Yup , age ;
Um , age ;
Ah , age ;
Indeed , age ;
In fact , age ;
Actually , age ;

original sen: 
religion ;
Oh , religion ;
Yup , religion ;
Um , religion ;
Ah , religion ;
Indeed , religion ;
In fact , religion ;
Actually , religion ;

original sen: 
height or weight ;
Oh , height or weight ;
Yup , height or weight ;
Um , height or weight ;
Ah , height or weight ;
Indeed , height or weight ;
In fact , height or weight ;
Actually , height or weight ;

original sen: 
sexual orientation ;
Oh , sexual orientation ;
Yup , sexual orientation ;
Um , sexual orientation ;
Ah , sexual orientation ;
Indeed , sexual orientation ;
In fact , sexual orientation ;
Actually , sexual orientation ;

original sen: 
education or income ;
Oh , education or income ;
Yup , education or income ;
Um , education or income ;
Ah , education or income ;
Indeed , education or income ;
In fact , education or income ;
Actually , education or income ;

original sen: 
physical disability ;
Oh , physical disability ;
Yup , physical disability ;
Um , physical disability ;
Ah , physical disability ;
Indeed , physical disability ;
In fact , physical disability ;
Actually , physical disability ;

original sen: 
and other .
Oh , and other .
Yup , and other .
Um , and other .
Ah , and other .
Indeed , and other .
In fact , and other .
Actually , and other .

original sen: 
The following categories from the original questionnaire were collapsed into one category for the analysis : race ; ancestry or national origin ; and shade of skin color .
Oh , The following categories from the original questionnaire were collapsed into one category for the analysis : race ; ancestry or national origin ; and shade of skin color .
Yup , The following categories from the original questionnaire were collapsed into one category for the analysis : race ; ancestry or national origin ; and shade of skin color .
Um , The following categories from the original questionnaire were collapsed into one category for the analysis : race ; ancestry or national origin ; and shade of skin color .
Ah , The following categories from the original questionnaire were collapsed into one category for the analysis : race ; ancestry or national origin ; and shade of skin color .
Indeed , The following categories from the original questionnaire were collapsed into one category for the analysis : race ; ancestry or national origin ; and shade of skin color .
In fact , The following categories from the original questionnaire were collapsed into one category for the analysis : race ; ancestry or national origin ; and shade of skin color .
Actually , The following categories from the original questionnaire were collapsed into one category for the analysis : race ; ancestry or national origin ; and shade of skin color .

original sen: 
Additionally , because this question was only asked of respondents who reported prior discrimination experiences , the built-in skip pattern resulted in a large number of cases scored as missing ( legitimate skip ) .
Oh , Additionally , because this question was only asked of respondents who reported prior discrimination experiences , the built-in skip pattern resulted in a large number of cases scored as missing ( legitimate skip ) .
Yup , Additionally , because this question was only asked of respondents who reported prior discrimination experiences , the built-in skip pattern resulted in a large number of cases scored as missing ( legitimate skip ) .
Um , Additionally , because this question was only asked of respondents who reported prior discrimination experiences , the built-in skip pattern resulted in a large number of cases scored as missing ( legitimate skip ) .
Ah , Additionally , because this question was only asked of respondents who reported prior discrimination experiences , the built-in skip pattern resulted in a large number of cases scored as missing ( legitimate skip ) .
Indeed , Additionally , because this question was only asked of respondents who reported prior discrimination experiences , the built-in skip pattern resulted in a large number of cases scored as missing ( legitimate skip ) .
In fact , Additionally , because this question was only asked of respondents who reported prior discrimination experiences , the built-in skip pattern resulted in a large number of cases scored as missing ( legitimate skip ) .
Actually , Additionally , because this question was only asked of respondents who reported prior discrimination experiences , the built-in skip pattern resulted in a large number of cases scored as missing ( legitimate skip ) .

original sen: 
Respondent race .
Oh , Respondent race .
Yup , Respondent race .
Um , Respondent race .
Ah , Respondent race .
Indeed , Respondent race .
In fact , Respondent race .
Actually , Respondent race .

original sen: 
Because a race variable is not available from the Wave 4 interviews , we use the racial category reported by the respondent during the Wave 1 interview .
Oh , Because a race variable is not available from the Wave 4 interviews , we use the racial category reported by the respondent during the Wave 1 interview .
Yup , Because a race variable is not available from the Wave 4 interviews , we use the racial category reported by the respondent during the Wave 1 interview .
Um , Because a race variable is not available from the Wave 4 interviews , we use the racial category reported by the respondent during the Wave 1 interview .
Ah , Because a race variable is not available from the Wave 4 interviews , we use the racial category reported by the respondent during the Wave 1 interview .
Indeed , Because a race variable is not available from the Wave 4 interviews , we use the racial category reported by the respondent during the Wave 1 interview .
In fact , Because a race variable is not available from the Wave 4 interviews , we use the racial category reported by the respondent during the Wave 1 interview .
Actually , Because a race variable is not available from the Wave 4 interviews , we use the racial category reported by the respondent during the Wave 1 interview .

original sen: 
In the current study , those respondents who indicated more than one race were coded as “ mixed race ” .
Oh , In the current study , those respondents who indicated more than one race were coded as “ mixed race ” .
Yup , In the current study , those respondents who indicated more than one race were coded as “ mixed race ” .
Um , In the current study , those respondents who indicated more than one race were coded as “ mixed race ” .
Ah , In the current study , those respondents who indicated more than one race were coded as “ mixed race ” .
Indeed , In the current study , those respondents who indicated more than one race were coded as “ mixed race ” .
In fact , In the current study , those respondents who indicated more than one race were coded as “ mixed race ” .
Actually , In the current study , those respondents who indicated more than one race were coded as “ mixed race ” .

original sen: 
Demographic variables .
Oh , Demographic variables .
Yup , Demographic variables .
Um , Demographic variables .
Ah , Demographic variables .
Indeed , Demographic variables .
In fact , Demographic variables .
Actually , Demographic variables .

original sen: 
To provide information on the analytical sample as a whole , two additional demographic variables are included .
Oh , To provide information on the analytical sample as a whole , two additional demographic variables are included .
Yup , To provide information on the analytical sample as a whole , two additional demographic variables are included .
Um , To provide information on the analytical sample as a whole , two additional demographic variables are included .
Ah , To provide information on the analytical sample as a whole , two additional demographic variables are included .
Indeed , To provide information on the analytical sample as a whole , two additional demographic variables are included .
In fact , To provide information on the analytical sample as a whole , two additional demographic variables are included .
Actually , To provide information on the analytical sample as a whole , two additional demographic variables are included .

original sen: 
First , age is a continuous measure created by subtracting the year of the respondents ' birth ( obtained from Wave 1 ) from the year of the interview at Wave 4 .
Oh , First , age is a continuous measure created by subtracting the year of the respondents ' birth ( obtained from Wave 1 ) from the year of the interview at Wave 4 .
Yup , First , age is a continuous measure created by subtracting the year of the respondents ' birth ( obtained from Wave 1 ) from the year of the interview at Wave 4 .
Um , First , age is a continuous measure created by subtracting the year of the respondents ' birth ( obtained from Wave 1 ) from the year of the interview at Wave 4 .
Ah , First , age is a continuous measure created by subtracting the year of the respondents ' birth ( obtained from Wave 1 ) from the year of the interview at Wave 4 .
Indeed , First , age is a continuous measure created by subtracting the year of the respondents ' birth ( obtained from Wave 1 ) from the year of the interview at Wave 4 .
In fact , First , age is a continuous measure created by subtracting the year of the respondents ' birth ( obtained from Wave 1 ) from the year of the interview at Wave 4 .
Actually , First , age is a continuous measure created by subtracting the year of the respondents ' birth ( obtained from Wave 1 ) from the year of the interview at Wave 4 .

original sen: 
Analytical plan .
Oh , Analytical plan .
Yup , Analytical plan .
Um , Analytical plan .
Ah , Analytical plan .
Indeed , Analytical plan .
In fact , Analytical plan .
Actually , Analytical plan .

original sen: 
Our exploratory study included three basic steps .
Oh , Our exploratory study included three basic steps .
Yup , Our exploratory study included three basic steps .
Um , Our exploratory study included three basic steps .
Ah , Our exploratory study included three basic steps .
Indeed , Our exploratory study included three basic steps .
In fact , Our exploratory study included three basic steps .
Actually , Our exploratory study included three basic steps .

original sen: 
First , summary statistics of the study variables and racial categories were produced .
Oh , First , summary statistics of the study variables and racial categories were produced .
Yup , First , summary statistics of the study variables and racial categories were produced .
Um , First , summary statistics of the study variables and racial categories were produced .
Ah , First , summary statistics of the study variables and racial categories were produced .
Indeed , First , summary statistics of the study variables and racial categories were produced .
In fact , First , summary statistics of the study variables and racial categories were produced .
Actually , First , summary statistics of the study variables and racial categories were produced .

original sen: 
Second , we examined the relative proportions of the two discrimination experience measures across each racial category .
Oh , Second , we examined the relative proportions of the two discrimination experience measures across each racial category .
Yup , Second , we examined the relative proportions of the two discrimination experience measures across each racial category .
Um , Second , we examined the relative proportions of the two discrimination experience measures across each racial category .
Ah , Second , we examined the relative proportions of the two discrimination experience measures across each racial category .
Indeed , Second , we examined the relative proportions of the two discrimination experience measures across each racial category .
In fact , Second , we examined the relative proportions of the two discrimination experience measures across each racial category .
Actually , Second , we examined the relative proportions of the two discrimination experience measures across each racial category .

original sen: 
Finally , we assessed the distribution of reported reasons for discrimination across the racial categories .
Oh , Finally , we assessed the distribution of reported reasons for discrimination across the racial categories .
Yup , Finally , we assessed the distribution of reported reasons for discrimination across the racial categories .
Um , Finally , we assessed the distribution of reported reasons for discrimination across the racial categories .
Ah , Finally , we assessed the distribution of reported reasons for discrimination across the racial categories .
Indeed , Finally , we assessed the distribution of reported reasons for discrimination across the racial categories .
In fact , Finally , we assessed the distribution of reported reasons for discrimination across the racial categories .
Actually , Finally , we assessed the distribution of reported reasons for discrimination across the racial categories .

original sen: 
This final step also included an examination of the relative distribution of racial categories across the various reported reasons for discrimination .
Oh , This final step also included an examination of the relative distribution of racial categories across the various reported reasons for discrimination .
Yup , This final step also included an examination of the relative distribution of racial categories across the various reported reasons for discrimination .
Um , This final step also included an examination of the relative distribution of racial categories across the various reported reasons for discrimination .
Ah , This final step also included an examination of the relative distribution of racial categories across the various reported reasons for discrimination .
Indeed , This final step also included an examination of the relative distribution of racial categories across the various reported reasons for discrimination .
In fact , This final step also included an examination of the relative distribution of racial categories across the various reported reasons for discrimination .
Actually , This final step also included an examination of the relative distribution of racial categories across the various reported reasons for discrimination .

original sen: 
We also discuss aspects of the contact situation of the Eegimaa language .
Oh , We also discuss aspects of the contact situation of the Eegimaa language .
Yup , We also discuss aspects of the contact situation of the Eegimaa language .
Um , We also discuss aspects of the contact situation of the Eegimaa language .
Ah , We also discuss aspects of the contact situation of the Eegimaa language .
Indeed , We also discuss aspects of the contact situation of the Eegimaa language .
In fact , We also discuss aspects of the contact situation of the Eegimaa language .
Actually , We also discuss aspects of the contact situation of the Eegimaa language .

original sen: 
The map in Figure 1 , taken from Ethnologue , presents the languages of Senegal .
Oh , The map in Figure 1 , taken from Ethnologue , presents the languages of Senegal .
Yup , The map in Figure 1 , taken from Ethnologue , presents the languages of Senegal .
Um , The map in Figure 1 , taken from Ethnologue , presents the languages of Senegal .
Ah , The map in Figure 1 , taken from Ethnologue , presents the languages of Senegal .
Indeed , The map in Figure 1 , taken from Ethnologue , presents the languages of Senegal .
In fact , The map in Figure 1 , taken from Ethnologue , presents the languages of Senegal .
Actually , The map in Figure 1 , taken from Ethnologue , presents the languages of Senegal .

original sen: 
Mof-Ávvi is a peninsula bordered by the Casamance River to the north , which separates it from the Jóola Búluf and Jóola Fogny areas , and to the east by the villages Brin and Djibonker , where the speakers of Kujireray and Baïnounk Gubëeher live .
Oh , Mof-Ávvi is a peninsula bordered by the Casamance River to the north , which separates it from the Jóola Búluf and Jóola Fogny areas , and to the east by the villages Brin and Djibonker , where the speakers of Kujireray and Baïnounk Gubëeher live .
Yup , Mof-Ávvi is a peninsula bordered by the Casamance River to the north , which separates it from the Jóola Búluf and Jóola Fogny areas , and to the east by the villages Brin and Djibonker , where the speakers of Kujireray and Baïnounk Gubëeher live .
Um , Mof-Ávvi is a peninsula bordered by the Casamance River to the north , which separates it from the Jóola Búluf and Jóola Fogny areas , and to the east by the villages Brin and Djibonker , where the speakers of Kujireray and Baïnounk Gubëeher live .
Ah , Mof-Ávvi is a peninsula bordered by the Casamance River to the north , which separates it from the Jóola Búluf and Jóola Fogny areas , and to the east by the villages Brin and Djibonker , where the speakers of Kujireray and Baïnounk Gubëeher live .
Indeed , Mof-Ávvi is a peninsula bordered by the Casamance River to the north , which separates it from the Jóola Búluf and Jóola Fogny areas , and to the east by the villages Brin and Djibonker , where the speakers of Kujireray and Baïnounk Gubëeher live .
In fact , Mof-Ávvi is a peninsula bordered by the Casamance River to the north , which separates it from the Jóola Búluf and Jóola Fogny areas , and to the east by the villages Brin and Djibonker , where the speakers of Kujireray and Baïnounk Gubëeher live .
Actually , Mof-Ávvi is a peninsula bordered by the Casamance River to the north , which separates it from the Jóola Búluf and Jóola Fogny areas , and to the east by the villages Brin and Djibonker , where the speakers of Kujireray and Baïnounk Gubëeher live .

original sen: 
The map in Figure 2 below , adapted from Palmeri and Gazio ( 1995 ) , shows a very approximate location of Mof-Ávvi in relation to other neighbouring speech communities .
Oh , The map in Figure 2 below , adapted from Palmeri and Gazio ( 1995 ) , shows a very approximate location of Mof-Ávvi in relation to other neighbouring speech communities .
Yup , The map in Figure 2 below , adapted from Palmeri and Gazio ( 1995 ) , shows a very approximate location of Mof-Ávvi in relation to other neighbouring speech communities .
Um , The map in Figure 2 below , adapted from Palmeri and Gazio ( 1995 ) , shows a very approximate location of Mof-Ávvi in relation to other neighbouring speech communities .
Ah , The map in Figure 2 below , adapted from Palmeri and Gazio ( 1995 ) , shows a very approximate location of Mof-Ávvi in relation to other neighbouring speech communities .
Indeed , The map in Figure 2 below , adapted from Palmeri and Gazio ( 1995 ) , shows a very approximate location of Mof-Ávvi in relation to other neighbouring speech communities .
In fact , The map in Figure 2 below , adapted from Palmeri and Gazio ( 1995 ) , shows a very approximate location of Mof-Ávvi in relation to other neighbouring speech communities .
Actually , The map in Figure 2 below , adapted from Palmeri and Gazio ( 1995 ) , shows a very approximate location of Mof-Ávvi in relation to other neighbouring speech communities .

original sen: 
The Eegimaa spoken in Mof-Ávvi is known by several names given by speakers of neighbouring languages .
Oh , The Eegimaa spoken in Mof-Ávvi is known by several names given by speakers of neighbouring languages .
Yup , The Eegimaa spoken in Mof-Ávvi is known by several names given by speakers of neighbouring languages .
Um , The Eegimaa spoken in Mof-Ávvi is known by several names given by speakers of neighbouring languages .
Ah , The Eegimaa spoken in Mof-Ávvi is known by several names given by speakers of neighbouring languages .
Indeed , The Eegimaa spoken in Mof-Ávvi is known by several names given by speakers of neighbouring languages .
In fact , The Eegimaa spoken in Mof-Ávvi is known by several names given by speakers of neighbouring languages .
Actually , The Eegimaa spoken in Mof-Ávvi is known by several names given by speakers of neighbouring languages .

original sen: 
For example , the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language of Essil ’ , is the name given by speakers of Kujireray to the Eegimaa language , because Essil , of which Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border with their village .
Oh , For example , the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language of Essil ’ , is the name given by speakers of Kujireray to the Eegimaa language , because Essil , of which Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border with their village .
Yup , For example , the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language of Essil ’ , is the name given by speakers of Kujireray to the Eegimaa language , because Essil , of which Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border with their village .
Um , For example , the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language of Essil ’ , is the name given by speakers of Kujireray to the Eegimaa language , because Essil , of which Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border with their village .
Ah , For example , the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language of Essil ’ , is the name given by speakers of Kujireray to the Eegimaa language , because Essil , of which Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border with their village .
Indeed , For example , the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language of Essil ’ , is the name given by speakers of Kujireray to the Eegimaa language , because Essil , of which Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border with their village .
In fact , For example , the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language of Essil ’ , is the name given by speakers of Kujireray to the Eegimaa language , because Essil , of which Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border with their village .
Actually , For example , the name Kusiilay 1 ‘ the language of Essil ’ , is the name given by speakers of Kujireray to the Eegimaa language , because Essil , of which Bajjat was a district , is the village which has a border with their village .

original sen: 
Figure 1 .
Oh , Figure 1 .
Yup , Figure 1 .
Um , Figure 1 .
Ah , Figure 1 .
Indeed , Figure 1 .
In fact , Figure 1 .
Actually , Figure 1 .

original sen: 
Map of Senegal ( courtesy of Google maps )
Oh , Map of Senegal ( courtesy of Google maps )
Yup , Map of Senegal ( courtesy of Google maps )
Um , Map of Senegal ( courtesy of Google maps )
Ah , Map of Senegal ( courtesy of Google maps )
Indeed , Map of Senegal ( courtesy of Google maps )
In fact , Map of Senegal ( courtesy of Google maps )
Actually , Map of Senegal ( courtesy of Google maps )

original sen: 
Figure 2 .
Oh , Figure 2 .
Yup , Figure 2 .
Um , Figure 2 .
Ah , Figure 2 .
Indeed , Figure 2 .
In fact , Figure 2 .
Actually , Figure 2 .

original sen: 
Village names are written using their usual spelling .
Oh , Village names are written using their usual spelling .
Yup , Village names are written using their usual spelling .
Um , Village names are written using their usual spelling .
Ah , Village names are written using their usual spelling .
Indeed , Village names are written using their usual spelling .
In fact , Village names are written using their usual spelling .
Actually , Village names are written using their usual spelling .

original sen: 
The Ethnologue language codes are provided for language varieties that have them .
Oh , The Ethnologue language codes are provided for language varieties that have them .
Yup , The Ethnologue language codes are provided for language varieties that have them .
Um , The Ethnologue language codes are provided for language varieties that have them .
Ah , The Ethnologue language codes are provided for language varieties that have them .
Indeed , The Ethnologue language codes are provided for language varieties that have them .
In fact , The Ethnologue language codes are provided for language varieties that have them .
Actually , The Ethnologue language codes are provided for language varieties that have them .

original sen: 
Names of the villages of Mof-Ávvi are written using the Eegimaa orthography and following the pronunciation of village names by native speakers .
Oh , Names of the villages of Mof-Ávvi are written using the Eegimaa orthography and following the pronunciation of village names by native speakers .
Yup , Names of the villages of Mof-Ávvi are written using the Eegimaa orthography and following the pronunciation of village names by native speakers .
Um , Names of the villages of Mof-Ávvi are written using the Eegimaa orthography and following the pronunciation of village names by native speakers .
Ah , Names of the villages of Mof-Ávvi are written using the Eegimaa orthography and following the pronunciation of village names by native speakers .
Indeed , Names of the villages of Mof-Ávvi are written using the Eegimaa orthography and following the pronunciation of village names by native speakers .
In fact , Names of the villages of Mof-Ávvi are written using the Eegimaa orthography and following the pronunciation of village names by native speakers .
Actually , Names of the villages of Mof-Ávvi are written using the Eegimaa orthography and following the pronunciation of village names by native speakers .

original sen: 
They are located north of the Casamance River in the Jóola Búluf area .
Oh , They are located north of the Casamance River in the Jóola Búluf area .
Yup , They are located north of the Casamance River in the Jóola Búluf area .
Um , They are located north of the Casamance River in the Jóola Búluf area .
Ah , They are located north of the Casamance River in the Jóola Búluf area .
Indeed , They are located north of the Casamance River in the Jóola Búluf area .
In fact , They are located north of the Casamance River in the Jóola Búluf area .
Actually , They are located north of the Casamance River in the Jóola Búluf area .

original sen: 
There are also small migrant Eegimaa communities in villages like Djifanghor ( east of Ziguinchor ) and in Bourofaye ( south of Ziguinchor ) , where they cohabit with speakers of Baïnounk languages .
Oh , There are also small migrant Eegimaa communities in villages like Djifanghor ( east of Ziguinchor ) and in Bourofaye ( south of Ziguinchor ) , where they cohabit with speakers of Baïnounk languages .
Yup , There are also small migrant Eegimaa communities in villages like Djifanghor ( east of Ziguinchor ) and in Bourofaye ( south of Ziguinchor ) , where they cohabit with speakers of Baïnounk languages .
Um , There are also small migrant Eegimaa communities in villages like Djifanghor ( east of Ziguinchor ) and in Bourofaye ( south of Ziguinchor ) , where they cohabit with speakers of Baïnounk languages .
Ah , There are also small migrant Eegimaa communities in villages like Djifanghor ( east of Ziguinchor ) and in Bourofaye ( south of Ziguinchor ) , where they cohabit with speakers of Baïnounk languages .
Indeed , There are also small migrant Eegimaa communities in villages like Djifanghor ( east of Ziguinchor ) and in Bourofaye ( south of Ziguinchor ) , where they cohabit with speakers of Baïnounk languages .
In fact , There are also small migrant Eegimaa communities in villages like Djifanghor ( east of Ziguinchor ) and in Bourofaye ( south of Ziguinchor ) , where they cohabit with speakers of Baïnounk languages .
Actually , There are also small migrant Eegimaa communities in villages like Djifanghor ( east of Ziguinchor ) and in Bourofaye ( south of Ziguinchor ) , where they cohabit with speakers of Baïnounk languages .

original sen: 
Speakers of Eegimaa use the term Gújjolaay ( meaning Jóola ) to refer to their language when they speak to each other , but Eegimaa to distinguish their Jóola variety from that of other Jóola peoples .
Oh , Speakers of Eegimaa use the term Gújjolaay ( meaning Jóola ) to refer to their language when they speak to each other , but Eegimaa to distinguish their Jóola variety from that of other Jóola peoples .
Yup , Speakers of Eegimaa use the term Gújjolaay ( meaning Jóola ) to refer to their language when they speak to each other , but Eegimaa to distinguish their Jóola variety from that of other Jóola peoples .
Um , Speakers of Eegimaa use the term Gújjolaay ( meaning Jóola ) to refer to their language when they speak to each other , but Eegimaa to distinguish their Jóola variety from that of other Jóola peoples .
Ah , Speakers of Eegimaa use the term Gújjolaay ( meaning Jóola ) to refer to their language when they speak to each other , but Eegimaa to distinguish their Jóola variety from that of other Jóola peoples .
Indeed , Speakers of Eegimaa use the term Gújjolaay ( meaning Jóola ) to refer to their language when they speak to each other , but Eegimaa to distinguish their Jóola variety from that of other Jóola peoples .
In fact , Speakers of Eegimaa use the term Gújjolaay ( meaning Jóola ) to refer to their language when they speak to each other , but Eegimaa to distinguish their Jóola variety from that of other Jóola peoples .
Actually , Speakers of Eegimaa use the term Gújjolaay ( meaning Jóola ) to refer to their language when they speak to each other , but Eegimaa to distinguish their Jóola variety from that of other Jóola peoples .

original sen: 
Eegimaa is an endangered language whose transmission to new generations has been declining significantly in the last decades .
Oh , Eegimaa is an endangered language whose transmission to new generations has been declining significantly in the last decades .
Yup , Eegimaa is an endangered language whose transmission to new generations has been declining significantly in the last decades .
Um , Eegimaa is an endangered language whose transmission to new generations has been declining significantly in the last decades .
Ah , Eegimaa is an endangered language whose transmission to new generations has been declining significantly in the last decades .
Indeed , Eegimaa is an endangered language whose transmission to new generations has been declining significantly in the last decades .
In fact , Eegimaa is an endangered language whose transmission to new generations has been declining significantly in the last decades .
Actually , Eegimaa is an endangered language whose transmission to new generations has been declining significantly in the last decades .

original sen: 
These names are given either in Eegimaa or in a different language .
Oh , These names are given either in Eegimaa or in a different language .
Yup , These names are given either in Eegimaa or in a different language .
Um , These names are given either in Eegimaa or in a different language .
Ah , These names are given either in Eegimaa or in a different language .
Indeed , These names are given either in Eegimaa or in a different language .
In fact , These names are given either in Eegimaa or in a different language .
Actually , These names are given either in Eegimaa or in a different language .

original sen: 
Antonín Dvořák
Oh , Antonín Dvořák
Yup , Antonín Dvořák
Um , Antonín Dvořák
Ah , Antonín Dvořák
Indeed , Antonín Dvořák
In fact , Antonín Dvořák
Actually , Antonín Dvořák

original sen: 
Antonín Leopold Dvořák ( / d(ə)ˈvɔːrʒɑːk , -ʒæk / d(ə)-VOR-zha(h)k ; Czech : [ ˈantoɲiːn ˈlɛopolt ˈdvor̝aːk ] ; 8 September 1841 – 1 May 1904 ) was a Czech composer .
Oh , Antonín Leopold Dvořák ( / d(ə)ˈvɔːrʒɑːk , -ʒæk / d(ə)-VOR-zha(h)k ; Czech : [ ˈantoɲiːn ˈlɛopolt ˈdvor̝aːk ] ; 8 September 1841 – 1 May 1904 ) was a Czech composer .
Yup , Antonín Leopold Dvořák ( / d(ə)ˈvɔːrʒɑːk , -ʒæk / d(ə)-VOR-zha(h)k ; Czech : [ ˈantoɲiːn ˈlɛopolt ˈdvor̝aːk ] ; 8 September 1841 – 1 May 1904 ) was a Czech composer .
Um , Antonín Leopold Dvořák ( / d(ə)ˈvɔːrʒɑːk , -ʒæk / d(ə)-VOR-zha(h)k ; Czech : [ ˈantoɲiːn ˈlɛopolt ˈdvor̝aːk ] ; 8 September 1841 – 1 May 1904 ) was a Czech composer .
Ah , Antonín Leopold Dvořák ( / d(ə)ˈvɔːrʒɑːk , -ʒæk / d(ə)-VOR-zha(h)k ; Czech : [ ˈantoɲiːn ˈlɛopolt ˈdvor̝aːk ] ; 8 September 1841 – 1 May 1904 ) was a Czech composer .
Indeed , Antonín Leopold Dvořák ( / d(ə)ˈvɔːrʒɑːk , -ʒæk / d(ə)-VOR-zha(h)k ; Czech : [ ˈantoɲiːn ˈlɛopolt ˈdvor̝aːk ] ; 8 September 1841 – 1 May 1904 ) was a Czech composer .
In fact , Antonín Leopold Dvořák ( / d(ə)ˈvɔːrʒɑːk , -ʒæk / d(ə)-VOR-zha(h)k ; Czech : [ ˈantoɲiːn ˈlɛopolt ˈdvor̝aːk ] ; 8 September 1841 – 1 May 1904 ) was a Czech composer .
Actually , Antonín Leopold Dvořák ( / d(ə)ˈvɔːrʒɑːk , -ʒæk / d(ə)-VOR-zha(h)k ; Czech : [ ˈantoɲiːn ˈlɛopolt ˈdvor̝aːk ] ; 8 September 1841 – 1 May 1904 ) was a Czech composer .

original sen: 
After Bedřich Smetana , he was the next Czech Romantic-era composer to achieve worldwide recognition .
Oh , After Bedřich Smetana , he was the next Czech Romantic-era composer to achieve worldwide recognition .
Yup , After Bedřich Smetana , he was the next Czech Romantic-era composer to achieve worldwide recognition .
Um , After Bedřich Smetana , he was the next Czech Romantic-era composer to achieve worldwide recognition .
Ah , After Bedřich Smetana , he was the next Czech Romantic-era composer to achieve worldwide recognition .
Indeed , After Bedřich Smetana , he was the next Czech Romantic-era composer to achieve worldwide recognition .
In fact , After Bedřich Smetana , he was the next Czech Romantic-era composer to achieve worldwide recognition .
Actually , After Bedřich Smetana , he was the next Czech Romantic-era composer to achieve worldwide recognition .

original sen: 
Dvořák 's own style has been described as " the fullest recreation of a national idiom with that of the symphonic tradition , absorbing folk influences and finding effective ways of using them " . [ 1 ]
Oh , Dvořák 's own style has been described as " the fullest recreation of a national idiom with that of the symphonic tradition , absorbing folk influences and finding effective ways of using them " . [ 1 ]
Yup , Dvořák 's own style has been described as " the fullest recreation of a national idiom with that of the symphonic tradition , absorbing folk influences and finding effective ways of using them " . [ 1 ]
Um , Dvořák 's own style has been described as " the fullest recreation of a national idiom with that of the symphonic tradition , absorbing folk influences and finding effective ways of using them " . [ 1 ]
Ah , Dvořák 's own style has been described as " the fullest recreation of a national idiom with that of the symphonic tradition , absorbing folk influences and finding effective ways of using them " . [ 1 ]
Indeed , Dvořák 's own style has been described as " the fullest recreation of a national idiom with that of the symphonic tradition , absorbing folk influences and finding effective ways of using them " . [ 1 ]
In fact , Dvořák 's own style has been described as " the fullest recreation of a national idiom with that of the symphonic tradition , absorbing folk influences and finding effective ways of using them " . [ 1 ]
Actually , Dvořák 's own style has been described as " the fullest recreation of a national idiom with that of the symphonic tradition , absorbing folk influences and finding effective ways of using them " . [ 1 ]

original sen: 
Antonín Dvořák
Oh , Antonín Dvořák
Yup , Antonín Dvořák
Um , Antonín Dvořák
Ah , Antonín Dvořák
Indeed , Antonín Dvořák
In fact , Antonín Dvořák
Actually , Antonín Dvořák

original sen: 
Dvořák displayed his musical gifts at an early age , being an apt violin student from age six .
Oh , Dvořák displayed his musical gifts at an early age , being an apt violin student from age six .
Yup , Dvořák displayed his musical gifts at an early age , being an apt violin student from age six .
Um , Dvořák displayed his musical gifts at an early age , being an apt violin student from age six .
Ah , Dvořák displayed his musical gifts at an early age , being an apt violin student from age six .
Indeed , Dvořák displayed his musical gifts at an early age , being an apt violin student from age six .
In fact , Dvořák displayed his musical gifts at an early age , being an apt violin student from age six .
Actually , Dvořák displayed his musical gifts at an early age , being an apt violin student from age six .

original sen: 
The first public performances of his works were in Prague in 1872 and , with special success , in 1873 , when he was aged 31 .
Oh , The first public performances of his works were in Prague in 1872 and , with special success , in 1873 , when he was aged 31 .
Yup , The first public performances of his works were in Prague in 1872 and , with special success , in 1873 , when he was aged 31 .
Um , The first public performances of his works were in Prague in 1872 and , with special success , in 1873 , when he was aged 31 .
Ah , The first public performances of his works were in Prague in 1872 and , with special success , in 1873 , when he was aged 31 .
Indeed , The first public performances of his works were in Prague in 1872 and , with special success , in 1873 , when he was aged 31 .
In fact , The first public performances of his works were in Prague in 1872 and , with special success , in 1873 , when he was aged 31 .
Actually , The first public performances of his works were in Prague in 1872 and , with special success , in 1873 , when he was aged 31 .

original sen: 
Seeking recognition beyond the Prague area , he submitted a score of his First Symphony to a prize competition in Germany , but did not win , and the unreturned manuscript was lost until rediscovered many decades later .
Oh , Seeking recognition beyond the Prague area , he submitted a score of his First Symphony to a prize competition in Germany , but did not win , and the unreturned manuscript was lost until rediscovered many decades later .
Yup , Seeking recognition beyond the Prague area , he submitted a score of his First Symphony to a prize competition in Germany , but did not win , and the unreturned manuscript was lost until rediscovered many decades later .
Um , Seeking recognition beyond the Prague area , he submitted a score of his First Symphony to a prize competition in Germany , but did not win , and the unreturned manuscript was lost until rediscovered many decades later .
Ah , Seeking recognition beyond the Prague area , he submitted a score of his First Symphony to a prize competition in Germany , but did not win , and the unreturned manuscript was lost until rediscovered many decades later .
Indeed , Seeking recognition beyond the Prague area , he submitted a score of his First Symphony to a prize competition in Germany , but did not win , and the unreturned manuscript was lost until rediscovered many decades later .
In fact , Seeking recognition beyond the Prague area , he submitted a score of his First Symphony to a prize competition in Germany , but did not win , and the unreturned manuscript was lost until rediscovered many decades later .
Actually , Seeking recognition beyond the Prague area , he submitted a score of his First Symphony to a prize competition in Germany , but did not win , and the unreturned manuscript was lost until rediscovered many decades later .

original sen: 
In 1874 he made a submission to the Austrian State Prize for Composition , including scores of two further symphonies and other works .
Oh , In 1874 he made a submission to the Austrian State Prize for Composition , including scores of two further symphonies and other works .
Yup , In 1874 he made a submission to the Austrian State Prize for Composition , including scores of two further symphonies and other works .
Um , In 1874 he made a submission to the Austrian State Prize for Composition , including scores of two further symphonies and other works .
Ah , In 1874 he made a submission to the Austrian State Prize for Composition , including scores of two further symphonies and other works .
Indeed , In 1874 he made a submission to the Austrian State Prize for Composition , including scores of two further symphonies and other works .
In fact , In 1874 he made a submission to the Austrian State Prize for Composition , including scores of two further symphonies and other works .
Actually , In 1874 he made a submission to the Austrian State Prize for Composition , including scores of two further symphonies and other works .

original sen: 
Although Dvořák was not aware of it , Johannes Brahms was the leading member of the jury and was highly impressed .
Oh , Although Dvořák was not aware of it , Johannes Brahms was the leading member of the jury and was highly impressed .
Yup , Although Dvořák was not aware of it , Johannes Brahms was the leading member of the jury and was highly impressed .
Um , Although Dvořák was not aware of it , Johannes Brahms was the leading member of the jury and was highly impressed .
Ah , Although Dvořák was not aware of it , Johannes Brahms was the leading member of the jury and was highly impressed .
Indeed , Although Dvořák was not aware of it , Johannes Brahms was the leading member of the jury and was highly impressed .
In fact , Although Dvořák was not aware of it , Johannes Brahms was the leading member of the jury and was highly impressed .
Actually , Although Dvořák was not aware of it , Johannes Brahms was the leading member of the jury and was highly impressed .

original sen: 
Brahms recommended Dvořák to his publisher , Simrock , who soon afterward commissioned what became the Slavonic Dances , Op. 46 .
Oh , Brahms recommended Dvořák to his publisher , Simrock , who soon afterward commissioned what became the Slavonic Dances , Op. 46 .
Yup , Brahms recommended Dvořák to his publisher , Simrock , who soon afterward commissioned what became the Slavonic Dances , Op. 46 .
Um , Brahms recommended Dvořák to his publisher , Simrock , who soon afterward commissioned what became the Slavonic Dances , Op. 46 .
Ah , Brahms recommended Dvořák to his publisher , Simrock , who soon afterward commissioned what became the Slavonic Dances , Op. 46 .
Indeed , Brahms recommended Dvořák to his publisher , Simrock , who soon afterward commissioned what became the Slavonic Dances , Op. 46 .
In fact , Brahms recommended Dvořák to his publisher , Simrock , who soon afterward commissioned what became the Slavonic Dances , Op. 46 .
Actually , Brahms recommended Dvořák to his publisher , Simrock , who soon afterward commissioned what became the Slavonic Dances , Op. 46 .

original sen: 
Dvořák 's first piece of a religious nature , his setting of Stabat Mater , was premiered in Prague in 1880 .
Oh , Dvořák 's first piece of a religious nature , his setting of Stabat Mater , was premiered in Prague in 1880 .
Yup , Dvořák 's first piece of a religious nature , his setting of Stabat Mater , was premiered in Prague in 1880 .
Um , Dvořák 's first piece of a religious nature , his setting of Stabat Mater , was premiered in Prague in 1880 .
Ah , Dvořák 's first piece of a religious nature , his setting of Stabat Mater , was premiered in Prague in 1880 .
Indeed , Dvořák 's first piece of a religious nature , his setting of Stabat Mater , was premiered in Prague in 1880 .
In fact , Dvořák 's first piece of a religious nature , his setting of Stabat Mater , was premiered in Prague in 1880 .
Actually , Dvořák 's first piece of a religious nature , his setting of Stabat Mater , was premiered in Prague in 1880 .

original sen: 
It was very successfully performed in London in 1883 , leading to many other performances in the United Kingdom and United States . [ 2 ]
Oh , It was very successfully performed in London in 1883 , leading to many other performances in the United Kingdom and United States . [ 2 ]
Yup , It was very successfully performed in London in 1883 , leading to many other performances in the United Kingdom and United States . [ 2 ]
Um , It was very successfully performed in London in 1883 , leading to many other performances in the United Kingdom and United States . [ 2 ]
Ah , It was very successfully performed in London in 1883 , leading to many other performances in the United Kingdom and United States . [ 2 ]
Indeed , It was very successfully performed in London in 1883 , leading to many other performances in the United Kingdom and United States . [ 2 ]
In fact , It was very successfully performed in London in 1883 , leading to many other performances in the United Kingdom and United States . [ 2 ]
Actually , It was very successfully performed in London in 1883 , leading to many other performances in the United Kingdom and United States . [ 2 ]

original sen: 
His Seventh Symphony was written for London .
Oh , His Seventh Symphony was written for London .
Yup , His Seventh Symphony was written for London .
Um , His Seventh Symphony was written for London .
Ah , His Seventh Symphony was written for London .
Indeed , His Seventh Symphony was written for London .
In fact , His Seventh Symphony was written for London .
Actually , His Seventh Symphony was written for London .

original sen: 
Visiting Russia in March 1890 , he conducted concerts of his own music in Moscow and Saint Petersburg . [ 3 ]
Oh , Visiting Russia in March 1890 , he conducted concerts of his own music in Moscow and Saint Petersburg . [ 3 ]
Yup , Visiting Russia in March 1890 , he conducted concerts of his own music in Moscow and Saint Petersburg . [ 3 ]
Um , Visiting Russia in March 1890 , he conducted concerts of his own music in Moscow and Saint Petersburg . [ 3 ]
Ah , Visiting Russia in March 1890 , he conducted concerts of his own music in Moscow and Saint Petersburg . [ 3 ]
Indeed , Visiting Russia in March 1890 , he conducted concerts of his own music in Moscow and Saint Petersburg . [ 3 ]
In fact , Visiting Russia in March 1890 , he conducted concerts of his own music in Moscow and Saint Petersburg . [ 3 ]
Actually , Visiting Russia in March 1890 , he conducted concerts of his own music in Moscow and Saint Petersburg . [ 3 ]

original sen: 
In 1891 Dvořák was appointed as a professor at the Prague Conservatory .
Oh , In 1891 Dvořák was appointed as a professor at the Prague Conservatory .
Yup , In 1891 Dvořák was appointed as a professor at the Prague Conservatory .
Um , In 1891 Dvořák was appointed as a professor at the Prague Conservatory .
Ah , In 1891 Dvořák was appointed as a professor at the Prague Conservatory .
Indeed , In 1891 Dvořák was appointed as a professor at the Prague Conservatory .
In fact , In 1891 Dvořák was appointed as a professor at the Prague Conservatory .
Actually , In 1891 Dvořák was appointed as a professor at the Prague Conservatory .

original sen: 
In 1890 – 91 , he wrote his Dumky Trio , one of his most successful chamber music pieces .
Oh , In 1890 – 91 , he wrote his Dumky Trio , one of his most successful chamber music pieces .
Yup , In 1890 – 91 , he wrote his Dumky Trio , one of his most successful chamber music pieces .
Um , In 1890 – 91 , he wrote his Dumky Trio , one of his most successful chamber music pieces .
Ah , In 1890 – 91 , he wrote his Dumky Trio , one of his most successful chamber music pieces .
Indeed , In 1890 – 91 , he wrote his Dumky Trio , one of his most successful chamber music pieces .
In fact , In 1890 – 91 , he wrote his Dumky Trio , one of his most successful chamber music pieces .
Actually , In 1890 – 91 , he wrote his Dumky Trio , one of his most successful chamber music pieces .

original sen: 
In 1892 , Dvořák moved to the United States and became the director of the National Conservatory of Music of America in New York City .
Oh , In 1892 , Dvořák moved to the United States and became the director of the National Conservatory of Music of America in New York City .
Yup , In 1892 , Dvořák moved to the United States and became the director of the National Conservatory of Music of America in New York City .
Um , In 1892 , Dvořák moved to the United States and became the director of the National Conservatory of Music of America in New York City .
Ah , In 1892 , Dvořák moved to the United States and became the director of the National Conservatory of Music of America in New York City .
Indeed , In 1892 , Dvořák moved to the United States and became the director of the National Conservatory of Music of America in New York City .
In fact , In 1892 , Dvořák moved to the United States and became the director of the National Conservatory of Music of America in New York City .
Actually , In 1892 , Dvořák moved to the United States and became the director of the National Conservatory of Music of America in New York City .

original sen: 
While in the United States , Dvořák wrote his two most successful orchestral works : the Symphony From the New World , which spread his reputation worldwide , [ 4 ] and his Cello Concerto , one of the most highly regarded of all cello concerti .
Oh , While in the United States , Dvořák wrote his two most successful orchestral works : the Symphony From the New World , which spread his reputation worldwide , [ 4 ] and his Cello Concerto , one of the most highly regarded of all cello concerti .
Yup , While in the United States , Dvořák wrote his two most successful orchestral works : the Symphony From the New World , which spread his reputation worldwide , [ 4 ] and his Cello Concerto , one of the most highly regarded of all cello concerti .
Um , While in the United States , Dvořák wrote his two most successful orchestral works : the Symphony From the New World , which spread his reputation worldwide , [ 4 ] and his Cello Concerto , one of the most highly regarded of all cello concerti .
Ah , While in the United States , Dvořák wrote his two most successful orchestral works : the Symphony From the New World , which spread his reputation worldwide , [ 4 ] and his Cello Concerto , one of the most highly regarded of all cello concerti .
Indeed , While in the United States , Dvořák wrote his two most successful orchestral works : the Symphony From the New World , which spread his reputation worldwide , [ 4 ] and his Cello Concerto , one of the most highly regarded of all cello concerti .
In fact , While in the United States , Dvořák wrote his two most successful orchestral works : the Symphony From the New World , which spread his reputation worldwide , [ 4 ] and his Cello Concerto , one of the most highly regarded of all cello concerti .
Actually , While in the United States , Dvořák wrote his two most successful orchestral works : the Symphony From the New World , which spread his reputation worldwide , [ 4 ] and his Cello Concerto , one of the most highly regarded of all cello concerti .

original sen: 
By far the most successful of the operas is Rusalka .
Oh , By far the most successful of the operas is Rusalka .
Yup , By far the most successful of the operas is Rusalka .
Um , By far the most successful of the operas is Rusalka .
Ah , By far the most successful of the operas is Rusalka .
Indeed , By far the most successful of the operas is Rusalka .
In fact , By far the most successful of the operas is Rusalka .
Actually , By far the most successful of the operas is Rusalka .

original sen: 
He has been described as " arguably the most versatile ... composer of his time " . [ 5 ]
Oh , He has been described as " arguably the most versatile ... composer of his time " . [ 5 ]
Yup , He has been described as " arguably the most versatile ... composer of his time " . [ 5 ]
Um , He has been described as " arguably the most versatile ... composer of his time " . [ 5 ]
Ah , He has been described as " arguably the most versatile ... composer of his time " . [ 5 ]
Indeed , He has been described as " arguably the most versatile ... composer of his time " . [ 5 ]
In fact , He has been described as " arguably the most versatile ... composer of his time " . [ 5 ]
Actually , He has been described as " arguably the most versatile ... composer of his time " . [ 5 ]

original sen: 
Otto Jespersen
Oh , Otto Jespersen
Yup , Otto Jespersen
Um , Otto Jespersen
Ah , Otto Jespersen
Indeed , Otto Jespersen
In fact , Otto Jespersen
Actually , Otto Jespersen

original sen: 
Early life
Oh , Early life
Yup , Early life
Um , Early life
Ah , Early life
Indeed , Early life
In fact , Early life
Actually , Early life

original sen: 
Otto Jespersen was born in Randers in Jutland .
Oh , Otto Jespersen was born in Randers in Jutland .
Yup , Otto Jespersen was born in Randers in Jutland .
Um , Otto Jespersen was born in Randers in Jutland .
Ah , Otto Jespersen was born in Randers in Jutland .
Indeed , Otto Jespersen was born in Randers in Jutland .
In fact , Otto Jespersen was born in Randers in Jutland .
Actually , Otto Jespersen was born in Randers in Jutland .

original sen: 
He entered the University of Copenhagen in 1877 when he was 17 , initially studying law but not forgetting his language studies .
Oh , He entered the University of Copenhagen in 1877 when he was 17 , initially studying law but not forgetting his language studies .
Yup , He entered the University of Copenhagen in 1877 when he was 17 , initially studying law but not forgetting his language studies .
Um , He entered the University of Copenhagen in 1877 when he was 17 , initially studying law but not forgetting his language studies .
Ah , He entered the University of Copenhagen in 1877 when he was 17 , initially studying law but not forgetting his language studies .
Indeed , He entered the University of Copenhagen in 1877 when he was 17 , initially studying law but not forgetting his language studies .
In fact , He entered the University of Copenhagen in 1877 when he was 17 , initially studying law but not forgetting his language studies .
Actually , He entered the University of Copenhagen in 1877 when he was 17 , initially studying law but not forgetting his language studies .

original sen: 
In 1881 he shifted his focus completely to languages , and in 1887 earned his master 's degree in French , with English and Latin as his secondary languages .
Oh , In 1881 he shifted his focus completely to languages , and in 1887 earned his master 's degree in French , with English and Latin as his secondary languages .
Yup , In 1881 he shifted his focus completely to languages , and in 1887 earned his master 's degree in French , with English and Latin as his secondary languages .
Um , In 1881 he shifted his focus completely to languages , and in 1887 earned his master 's degree in French , with English and Latin as his secondary languages .
Ah , In 1881 he shifted his focus completely to languages , and in 1887 earned his master 's degree in French , with English and Latin as his secondary languages .
Indeed , In 1881 he shifted his focus completely to languages , and in 1887 earned his master 's degree in French , with English and Latin as his secondary languages .
In fact , In 1881 he shifted his focus completely to languages , and in 1887 earned his master 's degree in French , with English and Latin as his secondary languages .
Actually , In 1881 he shifted his focus completely to languages , and in 1887 earned his master 's degree in French , with English and Latin as his secondary languages .

original sen: 
In 1887 – 1888 , he traveled to England , Germany and France , meeting linguists like Henry Sweet and Paul Passy and attending lectures at institutions like Oxford University .
Oh , In 1887 – 1888 , he traveled to England , Germany and France , meeting linguists like Henry Sweet and Paul Passy and attending lectures at institutions like Oxford University .
Yup , In 1887 – 1888 , he traveled to England , Germany and France , meeting linguists like Henry Sweet and Paul Passy and attending lectures at institutions like Oxford University .
Um , In 1887 – 1888 , he traveled to England , Germany and France , meeting linguists like Henry Sweet and Paul Passy and attending lectures at institutions like Oxford University .
Ah , In 1887 – 1888 , he traveled to England , Germany and France , meeting linguists like Henry Sweet and Paul Passy and attending lectures at institutions like Oxford University .
Indeed , In 1887 – 1888 , he traveled to England , Germany and France , meeting linguists like Henry Sweet and Paul Passy and attending lectures at institutions like Oxford University .
In fact , In 1887 – 1888 , he traveled to England , Germany and France , meeting linguists like Henry Sweet and Paul Passy and attending lectures at institutions like Oxford University .
Actually , In 1887 – 1888 , he traveled to England , Germany and France , meeting linguists like Henry Sweet and Paul Passy and attending lectures at institutions like Oxford University .

original sen: 
Following the advice of his mentor Vilhelm Thomsen , he returned to Copenhagen in August 1888 and began work on his doctoral dissertation on the English case system .
Oh , Following the advice of his mentor Vilhelm Thomsen , he returned to Copenhagen in August 1888 and began work on his doctoral dissertation on the English case system .
Yup , Following the advice of his mentor Vilhelm Thomsen , he returned to Copenhagen in August 1888 and began work on his doctoral dissertation on the English case system .
Um , Following the advice of his mentor Vilhelm Thomsen , he returned to Copenhagen in August 1888 and began work on his doctoral dissertation on the English case system .
Ah , Following the advice of his mentor Vilhelm Thomsen , he returned to Copenhagen in August 1888 and began work on his doctoral dissertation on the English case system .
Indeed , Following the advice of his mentor Vilhelm Thomsen , he returned to Copenhagen in August 1888 and began work on his doctoral dissertation on the English case system .
In fact , Following the advice of his mentor Vilhelm Thomsen , he returned to Copenhagen in August 1888 and began work on his doctoral dissertation on the English case system .
Actually , Following the advice of his mentor Vilhelm Thomsen , he returned to Copenhagen in August 1888 and began work on his doctoral dissertation on the English case system .

original sen: 
He successfully defended his dissertation in 1891 .
Oh , He successfully defended his dissertation in 1891 .
Yup , He successfully defended his dissertation in 1891 .
Um , He successfully defended his dissertation in 1891 .
Ah , He successfully defended his dissertation in 1891 .
Indeed , He successfully defended his dissertation in 1891 .
In fact , He successfully defended his dissertation in 1891 .
Actually , He successfully defended his dissertation in 1891 .

original sen: 
Academic life and work
Oh , Academic life and work
Yup , Academic life and work
Um , Academic life and work
Ah , Academic life and work
Indeed , Academic life and work
In fact , Academic life and work
Actually , Academic life and work

original sen: 
His early work focused primarily on language teaching reform and on phonetics , but he is best known for his later work on syntax and on language development .
Oh , His early work focused primarily on language teaching reform and on phonetics , but he is best known for his later work on syntax and on language development .
Yup , His early work focused primarily on language teaching reform and on phonetics , but he is best known for his later work on syntax and on language development .
Um , His early work focused primarily on language teaching reform and on phonetics , but he is best known for his later work on syntax and on language development .
Ah , His early work focused primarily on language teaching reform and on phonetics , but he is best known for his later work on syntax and on language development .
Indeed , His early work focused primarily on language teaching reform and on phonetics , but he is best known for his later work on syntax and on language development .
In fact , His early work focused primarily on language teaching reform and on phonetics , but he is best known for his later work on syntax and on language development .
Actually , His early work focused primarily on language teaching reform and on phonetics , but he is best known for his later work on syntax and on language development .

original sen: 
This term is qualified by a further concept called a junction which represents one idea , expressed by means of two or more elements , whereas a nexus combines two ideas .
Oh , This term is qualified by a further concept called a junction which represents one idea , expressed by means of two or more elements , whereas a nexus combines two ideas .
Yup , This term is qualified by a further concept called a junction which represents one idea , expressed by means of two or more elements , whereas a nexus combines two ideas .
Um , This term is qualified by a further concept called a junction which represents one idea , expressed by means of two or more elements , whereas a nexus combines two ideas .
Ah , This term is qualified by a further concept called a junction which represents one idea , expressed by means of two or more elements , whereas a nexus combines two ideas .
Indeed , This term is qualified by a further concept called a junction which represents one idea , expressed by means of two or more elements , whereas a nexus combines two ideas .
In fact , This term is qualified by a further concept called a junction which represents one idea , expressed by means of two or more elements , whereas a nexus combines two ideas .
Actually , This term is qualified by a further concept called a junction which represents one idea , expressed by means of two or more elements , whereas a nexus combines two ideas .

original sen: 
Late in his life he published Analytic Syntax ( 1937 ) , in which he presents his views on syntactic structure using an idiosyncratic shorthand notation .
Oh , Late in his life he published Analytic Syntax ( 1937 ) , in which he presents his views on syntactic structure using an idiosyncratic shorthand notation .
Yup , Late in his life he published Analytic Syntax ( 1937 ) , in which he presents his views on syntactic structure using an idiosyncratic shorthand notation .
Um , Late in his life he published Analytic Syntax ( 1937 ) , in which he presents his views on syntactic structure using an idiosyncratic shorthand notation .
Ah , Late in his life he published Analytic Syntax ( 1937 ) , in which he presents his views on syntactic structure using an idiosyncratic shorthand notation .
Indeed , Late in his life he published Analytic Syntax ( 1937 ) , in which he presents his views on syntactic structure using an idiosyncratic shorthand notation .
In fact , Late in his life he published Analytic Syntax ( 1937 ) , in which he presents his views on syntactic structure using an idiosyncratic shorthand notation .
Actually , Late in his life he published Analytic Syntax ( 1937 ) , in which he presents his views on syntactic structure using an idiosyncratic shorthand notation .

original sen: 
In the 21st century this book is still used as one of the basic texts in modern Structural linguistics .
Oh , In the 21st century this book is still used as one of the basic texts in modern Structural linguistics .
Yup , In the 21st century this book is still used as one of the basic texts in modern Structural linguistics .
Um , In the 21st century this book is still used as one of the basic texts in modern Structural linguistics .
Ah , In the 21st century this book is still used as one of the basic texts in modern Structural linguistics .
Indeed , In the 21st century this book is still used as one of the basic texts in modern Structural linguistics .
In fact , In the 21st century this book is still used as one of the basic texts in modern Structural linguistics .
Actually , In the 21st century this book is still used as one of the basic texts in modern Structural linguistics .

original sen: 
Jespersen visited the United States twice :
Oh , Jespersen visited the United States twice :
Yup , Jespersen visited the United States twice :
Um , Jespersen visited the United States twice :
Ah , Jespersen visited the United States twice :
Indeed , Jespersen visited the United States twice :
In fact , Jespersen visited the United States twice :
Actually , Jespersen visited the United States twice :

original sen: 
he lectured at the Congress of Arts and Sciences in St. Louis in 1904 , and in 1909 – 1910 he visited both the University of California and Columbia University .
Oh , he lectured at the Congress of Arts and Sciences in St. Louis in 1904 , and in 1909 – 1910 he visited both the University of California and Columbia University .
Yup , he lectured at the Congress of Arts and Sciences in St. Louis in 1904 , and in 1909 – 1910 he visited both the University of California and Columbia University .
Um , he lectured at the Congress of Arts and Sciences in St. Louis in 1904 , and in 1909 – 1910 he visited both the University of California and Columbia University .
Ah , he lectured at the Congress of Arts and Sciences in St. Louis in 1904 , and in 1909 – 1910 he visited both the University of California and Columbia University .
Indeed , he lectured at the Congress of Arts and Sciences in St. Louis in 1904 , and in 1909 – 1910 he visited both the University of California and Columbia University .
In fact , he lectured at the Congress of Arts and Sciences in St. Louis in 1904 , and in 1909 – 1910 he visited both the University of California and Columbia University .
Actually , he lectured at the Congress of Arts and Sciences in St. Louis in 1904 , and in 1909 – 1910 he visited both the University of California and Columbia University .

original sen: 
While in the U.S. , he took occasion to study the country 's educational system .
Oh , While in the U.S. , he took occasion to study the country 's educational system .
Yup , While in the U.S. , he took occasion to study the country 's educational system .
Um , While in the U.S. , he took occasion to study the country 's educational system .
Ah , While in the U.S. , he took occasion to study the country 's educational system .
Indeed , While in the U.S. , he took occasion to study the country 's educational system .
In fact , While in the U.S. , he took occasion to study the country 's educational system .
Actually , While in the U.S. , he took occasion to study the country 's educational system .

original sen: 
Jespersen was a proponent of phonosemanticism and wrote :
Oh , Jespersen was a proponent of phonosemanticism and wrote :
Yup , Jespersen was a proponent of phonosemanticism and wrote :
Um , Jespersen was a proponent of phonosemanticism and wrote :
Ah , Jespersen was a proponent of phonosemanticism and wrote :
Indeed , Jespersen was a proponent of phonosemanticism and wrote :
In fact , Jespersen was a proponent of phonosemanticism and wrote :
Actually , Jespersen was a proponent of phonosemanticism and wrote :

original sen: 
There is no denying that there are words which we feel instinctively to be adequate to express the ideas they stand for . ”
Oh , There is no denying that there are words which we feel instinctively to be adequate to express the ideas they stand for . ”
Yup , There is no denying that there are words which we feel instinctively to be adequate to express the ideas they stand for . ”
Um , There is no denying that there are words which we feel instinctively to be adequate to express the ideas they stand for . ”
Ah , There is no denying that there are words which we feel instinctively to be adequate to express the ideas they stand for . ”
Indeed , There is no denying that there are words which we feel instinctively to be adequate to express the ideas they stand for . ”
In fact , There is no denying that there are words which we feel instinctively to be adequate to express the ideas they stand for . ”
Actually , There is no denying that there are words which we feel instinctively to be adequate to express the ideas they stand for . ”

original sen: 
After his retirement in 1925 , Jespersen remained active in the international linguistic community .
Oh , After his retirement in 1925 , Jespersen remained active in the international linguistic community .
Yup , After his retirement in 1925 , Jespersen remained active in the international linguistic community .
Um , After his retirement in 1925 , Jespersen remained active in the international linguistic community .
Ah , After his retirement in 1925 , Jespersen remained active in the international linguistic community .
Indeed , After his retirement in 1925 , Jespersen remained active in the international linguistic community .
In fact , After his retirement in 1925 , Jespersen remained active in the international linguistic community .
Actually , After his retirement in 1925 , Jespersen remained active in the international linguistic community .

original sen: 
Jespersen was an important figure in the international language movement .
Oh , Jespersen was an important figure in the international language movement .
Yup , Jespersen was an important figure in the international language movement .
Um , Jespersen was an important figure in the international language movement .
Ah , Jespersen was an important figure in the international language movement .
Indeed , Jespersen was an important figure in the international language movement .
In fact , Jespersen was an important figure in the international language movement .
Actually , Jespersen was an important figure in the international language movement .

original sen: 
He was an early supporter of the Esperanto offshoot Ido and in 1927 published his own project Novial .
Oh , He was an early supporter of the Esperanto offshoot Ido and in 1927 published his own project Novial .
Yup , He was an early supporter of the Esperanto offshoot Ido and in 1927 published his own project Novial .
Um , He was an early supporter of the Esperanto offshoot Ido and in 1927 published his own project Novial .
Ah , He was an early supporter of the Esperanto offshoot Ido and in 1927 published his own project Novial .
Indeed , He was an early supporter of the Esperanto offshoot Ido and in 1927 published his own project Novial .
In fact , He was an early supporter of the Esperanto offshoot Ido and in 1927 published his own project Novial .
Actually , He was an early supporter of the Esperanto offshoot Ido and in 1927 published his own project Novial .

original sen: 
He also worked with the International Auxiliary Language Association .
Oh , He also worked with the International Auxiliary Language Association .
Yup , He also worked with the International Auxiliary Language Association .
Um , He also worked with the International Auxiliary Language Association .
Ah , He also worked with the International Auxiliary Language Association .
Indeed , He also worked with the International Auxiliary Language Association .
In fact , He also worked with the International Auxiliary Language Association .
Actually , He also worked with the International Auxiliary Language Association .

original sen: 
Jespersen received honorary degrees from Columbia University in New York ( 1910 ) , St. Andrews University in Scotland ( 1925 ) , and the Sorbonne in Paris ( 1927 ) .
Oh , Jespersen received honorary degrees from Columbia University in New York ( 1910 ) , St. Andrews University in Scotland ( 1925 ) , and the Sorbonne in Paris ( 1927 ) .
Yup , Jespersen received honorary degrees from Columbia University in New York ( 1910 ) , St. Andrews University in Scotland ( 1925 ) , and the Sorbonne in Paris ( 1927 ) .
Um , Jespersen received honorary degrees from Columbia University in New York ( 1910 ) , St. Andrews University in Scotland ( 1925 ) , and the Sorbonne in Paris ( 1927 ) .
Ah , Jespersen received honorary degrees from Columbia University in New York ( 1910 ) , St. Andrews University in Scotland ( 1925 ) , and the Sorbonne in Paris ( 1927 ) .
Indeed , Jespersen received honorary degrees from Columbia University in New York ( 1910 ) , St. Andrews University in Scotland ( 1925 ) , and the Sorbonne in Paris ( 1927 ) .
In fact , Jespersen received honorary degrees from Columbia University in New York ( 1910 ) , St. Andrews University in Scotland ( 1925 ) , and the Sorbonne in Paris ( 1927 ) .
Actually , Jespersen received honorary degrees from Columbia University in New York ( 1910 ) , St. Andrews University in Scotland ( 1925 ) , and the Sorbonne in Paris ( 1927 ) .

original sen: 
He was one of the first six international scholars to be elected as honorary members of the Linguistic Society of America .
Oh , He was one of the first six international scholars to be elected as honorary members of the Linguistic Society of America .
Yup , He was one of the first six international scholars to be elected as honorary members of the Linguistic Society of America .
Um , He was one of the first six international scholars to be elected as honorary members of the Linguistic Society of America .
Ah , He was one of the first six international scholars to be elected as honorary members of the Linguistic Society of America .
Indeed , He was one of the first six international scholars to be elected as honorary members of the Linguistic Society of America .
In fact , He was one of the first six international scholars to be elected as honorary members of the Linguistic Society of America .
Actually , He was one of the first six international scholars to be elected as honorary members of the Linguistic Society of America .

original sen: 
You never get tired of watching them .
Oh , You never get tired of watching them .
Yup , You never get tired of watching them .
Um , You never get tired of watching them .
Ah , You never get tired of watching them .
Indeed , You never get tired of watching them .
In fact , You never get tired of watching them .
Actually , You never get tired of watching them .

original sen: 
She ’s on the Holbeinsteg bridge .
Oh , She ’s on the Holbeinsteg bridge .
Yup , She ’s on the Holbeinsteg bridge .
Um , She ’s on the Holbeinsteg bridge .
Ah , She ’s on the Holbeinsteg bridge .
Indeed , She ’s on the Holbeinsteg bridge .
In fact , She ’s on the Holbeinsteg bridge .
Actually , She ’s on the Holbeinsteg bridge .

original sen: 
A picture of elegance and style from the age of money , violence , and simplicity .
Oh , A picture of elegance and style from the age of money , violence , and simplicity .
Yup , A picture of elegance and style from the age of money , violence , and simplicity .
Um , A picture of elegance and style from the age of money , violence , and simplicity .
Ah , A picture of elegance and style from the age of money , violence , and simplicity .
Indeed , A picture of elegance and style from the age of money , violence , and simplicity .
In fact , A picture of elegance and style from the age of money , violence , and simplicity .
Actually , A picture of elegance and style from the age of money , violence , and simplicity .

original sen: 
She ’s beyond the rail now , hanging out over the mountain - high drop .
Oh , She ’s beyond the rail now , hanging out over the mountain - high drop .
Yup , She ’s beyond the rail now , hanging out over the mountain - high drop .
Um , She ’s beyond the rail now , hanging out over the mountain - high drop .
Ah , She ’s beyond the rail now , hanging out over the mountain - high drop .
Indeed , She ’s beyond the rail now , hanging out over the mountain - high drop .
In fact , She ’s beyond the rail now , hanging out over the mountain - high drop .
Actually , She ’s beyond the rail now , hanging out over the mountain - high drop .

original sen: 
( A civic agent notices you noticing , and attaches itself to your infospace , whispering statistics —
Oh , ( A civic agent notices you noticing , and attaches itself to your infospace , whispering statistics —
Yup , ( A civic agent notices you noticing , and attaches itself to your infospace , whispering statistics —
Um , ( A civic agent notices you noticing , and attaches itself to your infospace , whispering statistics —
Ah , ( A civic agent notices you noticing , and attaches itself to your infospace , whispering statistics —
Indeed , ( A civic agent notices you noticing , and attaches itself to your infospace , whispering statistics —
In fact , ( A civic agent notices you noticing , and attaches itself to your infospace , whispering statistics —
Actually , ( A civic agent notices you noticing , and attaches itself to your infospace , whispering statistics —

original sen: 
“ Each object ’s suspension must weather a class 5 hurricane and the destruction of 80 % of the towers ” —
Oh , “ Each object ’s suspension must weather a class 5 hurricane and the destruction of 80 % of the towers ” —
Yup , “ Each object ’s suspension must weather a class 5 hurricane and the destruction of 80 % of the towers ” —
Um , “ Each object ’s suspension must weather a class 5 hurricane and the destruction of 80 % of the towers ” —
Ah , “ Each object ’s suspension must weather a class 5 hurricane and the destruction of 80 % of the towers ” —
Indeed , “ Each object ’s suspension must weather a class 5 hurricane and the destruction of 80 % of the towers ” —
In fact , “ Each object ’s suspension must weather a class 5 hurricane and the destruction of 80 % of the towers ” —
Actually , “ Each object ’s suspension must weather a class 5 hurricane and the destruction of 80 % of the towers ” —

original sen: 
“ Frankfurt ’s current population is stable at 53 million ” —
Oh , “ Frankfurt ’s current population is stable at 53 million ” —
Yup , “ Frankfurt ’s current population is stable at 53 million ” —
Um , “ Frankfurt ’s current population is stable at 53 million ” —
Ah , “ Frankfurt ’s current population is stable at 53 million ” —
Indeed , “ Frankfurt ’s current population is stable at 53 million ” —
In fact , “ Frankfurt ’s current population is stable at 53 million ” —
Actually , “ Frankfurt ’s current population is stable at 53 million ” —

original sen: 
until you brush it away . )
Oh , until you brush it away . )
Yup , until you brush it away . )
Um , until you brush it away . )
Ah , until you brush it away . )
Indeed , until you brush it away . )
In fact , until you brush it away . )
Actually , until you brush it away . )

original sen: 
You ’re watching her lean out .
Oh , You ’re watching her lean out .
Yup , You ’re watching her lean out .
Um , You ’re watching her lean out .
Ah , You ’re watching her lean out .
Indeed , You ’re watching her lean out .
In fact , You ’re watching her lean out .
Actually , You ’re watching her lean out .

original sen: 
The wind whips her hair , ruffles the skirt around her knees .
Oh , The wind whips her hair , ruffles the skirt around her knees .
Yup , The wind whips her hair , ruffles the skirt around her knees .
Um , The wind whips her hair , ruffles the skirt around her knees .
Ah , The wind whips her hair , ruffles the skirt around her knees .
Indeed , The wind whips her hair , ruffles the skirt around her knees .
In fact , The wind whips her hair , ruffles the skirt around her knees .
Actually , The wind whips her hair , ruffles the skirt around her knees .

original sen: 
She must be a tourist .
Oh , She must be a tourist .
Yup , She must be a tourist .
Um , She must be a tourist .
Ah , She must be a tourist .
Indeed , She must be a tourist .
In fact , She must be a tourist .
Actually , She must be a tourist .

original sen: 
You remember your first trip to the upper levels : leaning over the edge into the angry swarm of mites , whirring and buzzing warnings and shoving you back like a million mosquito chaperones .
Oh , You remember your first trip to the upper levels : leaning over the edge into the angry swarm of mites , whirring and buzzing warnings and shoving you back like a million mosquito chaperones .
Yup , You remember your first trip to the upper levels : leaning over the edge into the angry swarm of mites , whirring and buzzing warnings and shoving you back like a million mosquito chaperones .
Um , You remember your first trip to the upper levels : leaning over the edge into the angry swarm of mites , whirring and buzzing warnings and shoving you back like a million mosquito chaperones .
Ah , You remember your first trip to the upper levels : leaning over the edge into the angry swarm of mites , whirring and buzzing warnings and shoving you back like a million mosquito chaperones .
Indeed , You remember your first trip to the upper levels : leaning over the edge into the angry swarm of mites , whirring and buzzing warnings and shoving you back like a million mosquito chaperones .
In fact , You remember your first trip to the upper levels : leaning over the edge into the angry swarm of mites , whirring and buzzing warnings and shoving you back like a million mosquito chaperones .
Actually , You remember your first trip to the upper levels : leaning over the edge into the angry swarm of mites , whirring and buzzing warnings and shoving you back like a million mosquito chaperones .

original sen: 
You clutch the railing .
Oh , You clutch the railing .
Yup , You clutch the railing .
Um , You clutch the railing .
Ah , You clutch the railing .
Indeed , You clutch the railing .
In fact , You clutch the railing .
Actually , You clutch the railing .

original sen: 
Hot , animal fear surges in your chest .
Oh , Hot , animal fear surges in your chest .
Yup , Hot , animal fear surges in your chest .
Um , Hot , animal fear surges in your chest .
Ah , Hot , animal fear surges in your chest .
Indeed , Hot , animal fear surges in your chest .
In fact , Hot , animal fear surges in your chest .
Actually , Hot , animal fear surges in your chest .

original sen: 
Then she lets go and falls .
Oh , Then she lets go and falls .
Yup , Then she lets go and falls .
Um , Then she lets go and falls .
Ah , Then she lets go and falls .
Indeed , Then she lets go and falls .
In fact , Then she lets go and falls .
Actually , Then she lets go and falls .

original sen: 
You scream .
Oh , You scream .
Yup , You scream .
Um , You scream .
Ah , You scream .
Indeed , You scream .
In fact , You scream .
Actually , You scream .

original sen: 
You swallow on a dry throat .
Oh , You swallow on a dry throat .
Yup , You swallow on a dry throat .
Um , You swallow on a dry throat .
Ah , You swallow on a dry throat .
Indeed , You swallow on a dry throat .
In fact , You swallow on a dry throat .
Actually , You swallow on a dry throat .

original sen: 
Derya , of all people , hearing you scream !
Oh , Derya , of all people , hearing you scream !
Yup , Derya , of all people , hearing you scream !
Um , Derya , of all people , hearing you scream !
Ah , Derya , of all people , hearing you scream !
Indeed , Derya , of all people , hearing you scream !
In fact , Derya , of all people , hearing you scream !
Actually , Derya , of all people , hearing you scream !

original sen: 
He gives you a hooded look .
Oh , He gives you a hooded look .
Yup , He gives you a hooded look .
Um , He gives you a hooded look .
Ah , He gives you a hooded look .
Indeed , He gives you a hooded look .
In fact , He gives you a hooded look .
Actually , He gives you a hooded look .

original sen: 
“ They infect themselves with some designer virus -
Oh , “ They infect themselves with some designer virus -
Yup , “ They infect themselves with some designer virus -
Um , “ They infect themselves with some designer virus -
Ah , “ They infect themselves with some designer virus -
Indeed , “ They infect themselves with some designer virus -
In fact , “ They infect themselves with some designer virus -
Actually , “ They infect themselves with some designer virus -

original sen: 
So the mites do n’t see them when they jump .
Oh , So the mites do n’t see them when they jump .
Yup , So the mites do n’t see them when they jump .
Um , So the mites do n’t see them when they jump .
Ah , So the mites do n’t see them when they jump .
Indeed , So the mites do n’t see them when they jump .
In fact , So the mites do n’t see them when they jump .
Actually , So the mites do n’t see them when they jump .

original sen: 
Watch — ”
Oh , Watch — ”
Yup , Watch — ”
Um , Watch — ”
Ah , Watch — ”
Indeed , Watch — ”
In fact , Watch — ”
Actually , Watch — ”

original sen: 
Now the mites are finally closing in .
Oh , Now the mites are finally closing in .
Yup , Now the mites are finally closing in .
Um , Now the mites are finally closing in .
Ah , Now the mites are finally closing in .
Indeed , Now the mites are finally closing in .
In fact , Now the mites are finally closing in .
Actually , Now the mites are finally closing in .

original sen: 
“ It ’s not funny , ” Derya says .
Oh , “ It ’s not funny , ” Derya says .
Yup , “ It ’s not funny , ” Derya says .
Um , “ It ’s not funny , ” Derya says .
Ah , “ It ’s not funny , ” Derya says .
Indeed , “ It ’s not funny , ” Derya says .
In fact , “ It ’s not funny , ” Derya says .
Actually , “ It ’s not funny , ” Derya says .

original sen: 
Ripple effects are causing project slowdowns ... ”
Oh , Ripple effects are causing project slowdowns ... ”
Yup , Ripple effects are causing project slowdowns ... ”
Um , Ripple effects are causing project slowdowns ... ”
Ah , Ripple effects are causing project slowdowns ... ”
Indeed , Ripple effects are causing project slowdowns ... ”
In fact , Ripple effects are causing project slowdowns ... ”
Actually , Ripple effects are causing project slowdowns ... ”

original sen: 
“ Freeloaders drive systemic evolution , ” you find yourself saying .
Oh , “ Freeloaders drive systemic evolution , ” you find yourself saying .
Yup , “ Freeloaders drive systemic evolution , ” you find yourself saying .
Um , “ Freeloaders drive systemic evolution , ” you find yourself saying .
Ah , “ Freeloaders drive systemic evolution , ” you find yourself saying .
Indeed , “ Freeloaders drive systemic evolution , ” you find yourself saying .
In fact , “ Freeloaders drive systemic evolution , ” you find yourself saying .
Actually , “ Freeloaders drive systemic evolution , ” you find yourself saying .

original sen: 
“ Do n’t you quote the founders at me , ” Derya snaps .
Oh , “ Do n’t you quote the founders at me , ” Derya snaps .
Yup , “ Do n’t you quote the founders at me , ” Derya snaps .
Um , “ Do n’t you quote the founders at me , ” Derya snaps .
Ah , “ Do n’t you quote the founders at me , ” Derya snaps .
Indeed , “ Do n’t you quote the founders at me , ” Derya snaps .
In fact , “ Do n’t you quote the founders at me , ” Derya snaps .
Actually , “ Do n’t you quote the founders at me , ” Derya snaps .

original sen: 
He stares until you meet his eye .
Oh , He stares until you meet his eye .
Yup , He stares until you meet his eye .
Um , He stares until you meet his eye .
Ah , He stares until you meet his eye .
Indeed , He stares until you meet his eye .
In fact , He stares until you meet his eye .
Actually , He stares until you meet his eye .

original sen: 
“ You even talk to those people -
Oh , “ You even talk to those people -
Yup , “ You even talk to those people -
Um , “ You even talk to those people -
Ah , “ You even talk to those people -
Indeed , “ You even talk to those people -
In fact , “ You even talk to those people -
Actually , “ You even talk to those people -

original sen: 
are you paying attention ? —
Oh , are you paying attention ? —
Yup , are you paying attention ? —
Um , are you paying attention ? —
Ah , are you paying attention ? —
Indeed , are you paying attention ? —
In fact , are you paying attention ? —
Actually , are you paying attention ? —

original sen: 
You wo n’t work , you wo n’t party , you ’ll be defriended by every one of your tribes .
Oh , You wo n’t work , you wo n’t party , you ’ll be defriended by every one of your tribes .
Yup , You wo n’t work , you wo n’t party , you ’ll be defriended by every one of your tribes .
Um , You wo n’t work , you wo n’t party , you ’ll be defriended by every one of your tribes .
Ah , You wo n’t work , you wo n’t party , you ’ll be defriended by every one of your tribes .
Indeed , You wo n’t work , you wo n’t party , you ’ll be defriended by every one of your tribes .
In fact , You wo n’t work , you wo n’t party , you ’ll be defriended by every one of your tribes .
Actually , You wo n’t work , you wo n’t party , you ’ll be defriended by every one of your tribes .

original sen: 
Got it ? ”
Oh , Got it ? ”
Yup , Got it ? ”
Um , Got it ? ”
Ah , Got it ? ”
Indeed , Got it ? ”
In fact , Got it ? ”
Actually , Got it ? ”

original sen: 
Her broad-brimmed hat is still sailing on the wind .
Oh , Her broad-brimmed hat is still sailing on the wind .
Yup , Her broad-brimmed hat is still sailing on the wind .
Um , Her broad-brimmed hat is still sailing on the wind .
Ah , Her broad-brimmed hat is still sailing on the wind .
Indeed , Her broad-brimmed hat is still sailing on the wind .
In fact , Her broad-brimmed hat is still sailing on the wind .
Actually , Her broad-brimmed hat is still sailing on the wind .

original sen: 
The mites missed it .
Oh , The mites missed it .
Yup , The mites missed it .
Um , The mites missed it .
Ah , The mites missed it .
Indeed , The mites missed it .
In fact , The mites missed it .
Actually , The mites missed it .

original sen: 
Silence .
Oh , Silence .
Yup , Silence .
Um , Silence .
Ah , Silence .
Indeed , Silence .
In fact , Silence .
Actually , Silence .

original sen: 
And the air is strangely clear .
Oh , And the air is strangely clear .
Yup , And the air is strangely clear .
Um , And the air is strangely clear .
Ah , And the air is strangely clear .
Indeed , And the air is strangely clear .
In fact , And the air is strangely clear .
Actually , And the air is strangely clear .

original sen: 
You realize : no mites .
Oh , You realize : no mites .
Yup , You realize : no mites .
Um , You realize : no mites .
Ah , You realize : no mites .
Indeed , You realize : no mites .
In fact , You realize : no mites .
Actually , You realize : no mites .

original sen: 
The city has no eyes or ears here .
Oh , The city has no eyes or ears here .
Yup , The city has no eyes or ears here .
Um , The city has no eyes or ears here .
Ah , The city has no eyes or ears here .
Indeed , The city has no eyes or ears here .
In fact , The city has no eyes or ears here .
Actually , The city has no eyes or ears here .

original sen: 
You walk through empty , miteless rooms , stepping around light fixtures .
Oh , You walk through empty , miteless rooms , stepping around light fixtures .
Yup , You walk through empty , miteless rooms , stepping around light fixtures .
Um , You walk through empty , miteless rooms , stepping around light fixtures .
Ah , You walk through empty , miteless rooms , stepping around light fixtures .
Indeed , You walk through empty , miteless rooms , stepping around light fixtures .
In fact , You walk through empty , miteless rooms , stepping around light fixtures .
Actually , You walk through empty , miteless rooms , stepping around light fixtures .

original sen: 
Then she ’s there , in a doorway .
Oh , Then she ’s there , in a doorway .
Yup , Then she ’s there , in a doorway .
Um , Then she ’s there , in a doorway .
Ah , Then she ’s there , in a doorway .
Indeed , Then she ’s there , in a doorway .
In fact , Then she ’s there , in a doorway .
Actually , Then she ’s there , in a doorway .

original sen: 
Her eyes , bright blue , radiant .
Oh , Her eyes , bright blue , radiant .
Yup , Her eyes , bright blue , radiant .
Um , Her eyes , bright blue , radiant .
Ah , Her eyes , bright blue , radiant .
Indeed , Her eyes , bright blue , radiant .
In fact , Her eyes , bright blue , radiant .
Actually , Her eyes , bright blue , radiant .

original sen: 
Her smile , with that chaste yellow dress , so bashful .
Oh , Her smile , with that chaste yellow dress , so bashful .
Yup , Her smile , with that chaste yellow dress , so bashful .
Um , Her smile , with that chaste yellow dress , so bashful .
Ah , Her smile , with that chaste yellow dress , so bashful .
Indeed , Her smile , with that chaste yellow dress , so bashful .
In fact , Her smile , with that chaste yellow dress , so bashful .
Actually , Her smile , with that chaste yellow dress , so bashful .

original sen: 
She comes to you .
Oh , She comes to you .
Yup , She comes to you .
Um , She comes to you .
Ah , She comes to you .
Indeed , She comes to you .
In fact , She comes to you .
Actually , She comes to you .

original sen: 
“ You want it ? ” she says .
Oh , “ You want it ? ” she says .
Yup , “ You want it ? ” she says .
Um , “ You want it ? ” she says .
Ah , “ You want it ? ” she says .
Indeed , “ You want it ? ” she says .
In fact , “ You want it ? ” she says .
Actually , “ You want it ? ” she says .

original sen: 
“ You want to be infected ?
Oh , “ You want to be infected ?
Yup , “ You want to be infected ?
Um , “ You want to be infected ?
Ah , “ You want to be infected ?
Indeed , “ You want to be infected ?
In fact , “ You want to be infected ?
Actually , “ You want to be infected ?

original sen: 
You want to fly ? ”
Oh , You want to fly ? ”
Yup , You want to fly ? ”
Um , You want to fly ? ”
Ah , You want to fly ? ”
Indeed , You want to fly ? ”
In fact , You want to fly ? ”
Actually , You want to fly ? ”

original sen: 
You nod .
Oh , You nod .
Yup , You nod .
Um , You nod .
Ah , You nod .
Indeed , You nod .
In fact , You nod .
Actually , You nod .

original sen: 
Steven wanted to be a dentist .
Oh , Steven wanted to be a dentist .
Yup , Steven wanted to be a dentist .
Um , Steven wanted to be a dentist .
Ah , Steven wanted to be a dentist .
Indeed , Steven wanted to be a dentist .
In fact , Steven wanted to be a dentist .
Actually , Steven wanted to be a dentist .

original sen: 
The instruments were locked away in glass cabinets and only his parents had the key .
Oh , The instruments were locked away in glass cabinets and only his parents had the key .
Yup , The instruments were locked away in glass cabinets and only his parents had the key .
Um , The instruments were locked away in glass cabinets and only his parents had the key .
Ah , The instruments were locked away in glass cabinets and only his parents had the key .
Indeed , The instruments were locked away in glass cabinets and only his parents had the key .
In fact , The instruments were locked away in glass cabinets and only his parents had the key .
Actually , The instruments were locked away in glass cabinets and only his parents had the key .

original sen: 
“ They do n’t exactly encourage my interest , ” he shrugged .
Oh , “ They do n’t exactly encourage my interest , ” he shrugged .
Yup , “ They do n’t exactly encourage my interest , ” he shrugged .
Um , “ They do n’t exactly encourage my interest , ” he shrugged .
Ah , “ They do n’t exactly encourage my interest , ” he shrugged .
Indeed , “ They do n’t exactly encourage my interest , ” he shrugged .
In fact , “ They do n’t exactly encourage my interest , ” he shrugged .
Actually , “ They do n’t exactly encourage my interest , ” he shrugged .

original sen: 
But Dad says they ’re a sort of collection , and too expensive for me to play with . ”
Oh , But Dad says they ’re a sort of collection , and too expensive for me to play with . ”
Yup , But Dad says they ’re a sort of collection , and too expensive for me to play with . ”
Um , But Dad says they ’re a sort of collection , and too expensive for me to play with . ”
Ah , But Dad says they ’re a sort of collection , and too expensive for me to play with . ”
Indeed , But Dad says they ’re a sort of collection , and too expensive for me to play with . ”
In fact , But Dad says they ’re a sort of collection , and too expensive for me to play with . ”
Actually , But Dad says they ’re a sort of collection , and too expensive for me to play with . ”

original sen: 
Then there was the event that became the rite of passage into our group of misfits and outcasts : making a mould of your teeth .
Oh , Then there was the event that became the rite of passage into our group of misfits and outcasts : making a mould of your teeth .
Yup , Then there was the event that became the rite of passage into our group of misfits and outcasts : making a mould of your teeth .
Um , Then there was the event that became the rite of passage into our group of misfits and outcasts : making a mould of your teeth .
Ah , Then there was the event that became the rite of passage into our group of misfits and outcasts : making a mould of your teeth .
Indeed , Then there was the event that became the rite of passage into our group of misfits and outcasts : making a mould of your teeth .
In fact , Then there was the event that became the rite of passage into our group of misfits and outcasts : making a mould of your teeth .
Actually , Then there was the event that became the rite of passage into our group of misfits and outcasts : making a mould of your teeth .

original sen: 
It was inevitable that one of us , seeing the plaster casts on the shelf by Steven ’s bed would ask how they were done .
Oh , It was inevitable that one of us , seeing the plaster casts on the shelf by Steven ’s bed would ask how they were done .
Yup , It was inevitable that one of us , seeing the plaster casts on the shelf by Steven ’s bed would ask how they were done .
Um , It was inevitable that one of us , seeing the plaster casts on the shelf by Steven ’s bed would ask how they were done .
Ah , It was inevitable that one of us , seeing the plaster casts on the shelf by Steven ’s bed would ask how they were done .
Indeed , It was inevitable that one of us , seeing the plaster casts on the shelf by Steven ’s bed would ask how they were done .
In fact , It was inevitable that one of us , seeing the plaster casts on the shelf by Steven ’s bed would ask how they were done .
Actually , It was inevitable that one of us , seeing the plaster casts on the shelf by Steven ’s bed would ask how they were done .

original sen: 
It was n’t dangerous .
Oh , It was n’t dangerous .
Yup , It was n’t dangerous .
Um , It was n’t dangerous .
Ah , It was n’t dangerous .
Indeed , It was n’t dangerous .
In fact , It was n’t dangerous .
Actually , It was n’t dangerous .

original sen: 
Your nose filled with what you imagined were fumes from the warm paste .
Oh , Your nose filled with what you imagined were fumes from the warm paste .
Yup , Your nose filled with what you imagined were fumes from the warm paste .
Um , Your nose filled with what you imagined were fumes from the warm paste .
Ah , Your nose filled with what you imagined were fumes from the warm paste .
Indeed , Your nose filled with what you imagined were fumes from the warm paste .
In fact , Your nose filled with what you imagined were fumes from the warm paste .
Actually , Your nose filled with what you imagined were fumes from the warm paste .

original sen: 
And you seemed to be suddenly drowning in your own saliva .
Oh , And you seemed to be suddenly drowning in your own saliva .
Yup , And you seemed to be suddenly drowning in your own saliva .
Um , And you seemed to be suddenly drowning in your own saliva .
Ah , And you seemed to be suddenly drowning in your own saliva .
Indeed , And you seemed to be suddenly drowning in your own saliva .
In fact , And you seemed to be suddenly drowning in your own saliva .
Actually , And you seemed to be suddenly drowning in your own saliva .

original sen: 
Things generally got better when Steven reminded you that you could actually breathe , and swallow , normally .
Oh , Things generally got better when Steven reminded you that you could actually breathe , and swallow , normally .
Yup , Things generally got better when Steven reminded you that you could actually breathe , and swallow , normally .
Um , Things generally got better when Steven reminded you that you could actually breathe , and swallow , normally .
Ah , Things generally got better when Steven reminded you that you could actually breathe , and swallow , normally .
Indeed , Things generally got better when Steven reminded you that you could actually breathe , and swallow , normally .
In fact , Things generally got better when Steven reminded you that you could actually breathe , and swallow , normally .
Actually , Things generally got better when Steven reminded you that you could actually breathe , and swallow , normally .

original sen: 
Then , when he gave you the nod , you tried to prise your jaws apart .
Oh , Then , when he gave you the nod , you tried to prise your jaws apart .
Yup , Then , when he gave you the nod , you tried to prise your jaws apart .
Um , Then , when he gave you the nod , you tried to prise your jaws apart .
Ah , Then , when he gave you the nod , you tried to prise your jaws apart .
Indeed , Then , when he gave you the nod , you tried to prise your jaws apart .
In fact , Then , when he gave you the nod , you tried to prise your jaws apart .
Actually , Then , when he gave you the nod , you tried to prise your jaws apart .

original sen: 
Raucous laughter greeted the suggestions of the other body parts that could receive the same treatment .
Oh , Raucous laughter greeted the suggestions of the other body parts that could receive the same treatment .
Yup , Raucous laughter greeted the suggestions of the other body parts that could receive the same treatment .
Um , Raucous laughter greeted the suggestions of the other body parts that could receive the same treatment .
Ah , Raucous laughter greeted the suggestions of the other body parts that could receive the same treatment .
Indeed , Raucous laughter greeted the suggestions of the other body parts that could receive the same treatment .
In fact , Raucous laughter greeted the suggestions of the other body parts that could receive the same treatment .
Actually , Raucous laughter greeted the suggestions of the other body parts that could receive the same treatment .

original sen: 
The next part of the proceedings was less thrilling .
Oh , The next part of the proceedings was less thrilling .
Yup , The next part of the proceedings was less thrilling .
Um , The next part of the proceedings was less thrilling .
Ah , The next part of the proceedings was less thrilling .
Indeed , The next part of the proceedings was less thrilling .
In fact , The next part of the proceedings was less thrilling .
Actually , The next part of the proceedings was less thrilling .

original sen: 
Steven measured and mixed the plaster of Paris and prepared for the cast by using a bright blue putty to build up the form of the jaw , and shoring up gaps and holes .
Oh , Steven measured and mixed the plaster of Paris and prepared for the cast by using a bright blue putty to build up the form of the jaw , and shoring up gaps and holes .
Yup , Steven measured and mixed the plaster of Paris and prepared for the cast by using a bright blue putty to build up the form of the jaw , and shoring up gaps and holes .
Um , Steven measured and mixed the plaster of Paris and prepared for the cast by using a bright blue putty to build up the form of the jaw , and shoring up gaps and holes .
Ah , Steven measured and mixed the plaster of Paris and prepared for the cast by using a bright blue putty to build up the form of the jaw , and shoring up gaps and holes .
Indeed , Steven measured and mixed the plaster of Paris and prepared for the cast by using a bright blue putty to build up the form of the jaw , and shoring up gaps and holes .
In fact , Steven measured and mixed the plaster of Paris and prepared for the cast by using a bright blue putty to build up the form of the jaw , and shoring up gaps and holes .
Actually , Steven measured and mixed the plaster of Paris and prepared for the cast by using a bright blue putty to build up the form of the jaw , and shoring up gaps and holes .

original sen: 
It get even less exciting when he said we ’d have to wait an hour while the plaster set real solid .
Oh , It get even less exciting when he said we ’d have to wait an hour while the plaster set real solid .
Yup , It get even less exciting when he said we ’d have to wait an hour while the plaster set real solid .
Um , It get even less exciting when he said we ’d have to wait an hour while the plaster set real solid .
Ah , It get even less exciting when he said we ’d have to wait an hour while the plaster set real solid .
Indeed , It get even less exciting when he said we ’d have to wait an hour while the plaster set real solid .
In fact , It get even less exciting when he said we ’d have to wait an hour while the plaster set real solid .
Actually , It get even less exciting when he said we ’d have to wait an hour while the plaster set real solid .

original sen: 
It did n’t matter .
Oh , It did n’t matter .
Yup , It did n’t matter .
Um , It did n’t matter .
Ah , It did n’t matter .
Indeed , It did n’t matter .
In fact , It did n’t matter .
Actually , It did n’t matter .

original sen: 
We were all friends , a group bonded by the common experience of being able to see our teeth on Steven ’s shelf .
Oh , We were all friends , a group bonded by the common experience of being able to see our teeth on Steven ’s shelf .
Yup , We were all friends , a group bonded by the common experience of being able to see our teeth on Steven ’s shelf .
Um , We were all friends , a group bonded by the common experience of being able to see our teeth on Steven ’s shelf .
Ah , We were all friends , a group bonded by the common experience of being able to see our teeth on Steven ’s shelf .
Indeed , We were all friends , a group bonded by the common experience of being able to see our teeth on Steven ’s shelf .
In fact , We were all friends , a group bonded by the common experience of being able to see our teeth on Steven ’s shelf .
Actually , We were all friends , a group bonded by the common experience of being able to see our teeth on Steven ’s shelf .

original sen: 
Wikinews interviews Christopher Hill , U.S. Republican Party presidential candidate
Oh , Wikinews interviews Christopher Hill , U.S. Republican Party presidential candidate
Yup , Wikinews interviews Christopher Hill , U.S. Republican Party presidential candidate
Um , Wikinews interviews Christopher Hill , U.S. Republican Party presidential candidate
Ah , Wikinews interviews Christopher Hill , U.S. Republican Party presidential candidate
Indeed , Wikinews interviews Christopher Hill , U.S. Republican Party presidential candidate
In fact , Wikinews interviews Christopher Hill , U.S. Republican Party presidential candidate
Actually , Wikinews interviews Christopher Hill , U.S. Republican Party presidential candidate

original sen: 
Interview
Oh , Interview
Yup , Interview
Um , Interview
Ah , Interview
Indeed , Interview
In fact , Interview
Actually , Interview

original sen: 
What qualifications do you have that will assist you in executing the duties of president ?
Oh , What qualifications do you have that will assist you in executing the duties of president ?
Yup , What qualifications do you have that will assist you in executing the duties of president ?
Um , What qualifications do you have that will assist you in executing the duties of president ?
Ah , What qualifications do you have that will assist you in executing the duties of president ?
Indeed , What qualifications do you have that will assist you in executing the duties of president ?
In fact , What qualifications do you have that will assist you in executing the duties of president ?
Actually , What qualifications do you have that will assist you in executing the duties of president ?

original sen: 
Why run for president ?
Oh , Why run for president ?
Yup , Why run for president ?
Um , Why run for president ?
Ah , Why run for president ?
Indeed , Why run for president ?
In fact , Why run for president ?
Actually , Why run for president ?

original sen: 
The Air Force only selected 180 Officers a year from the Academy , Squadron Officer School and ROTC to attend .
Oh , The Air Force only selected 180 Officers a year from the Academy , Squadron Officer School and ROTC to attend .
Yup , The Air Force only selected 180 Officers a year from the Academy , Squadron Officer School and ROTC to attend .
Um , The Air Force only selected 180 Officers a year from the Academy , Squadron Officer School and ROTC to attend .
Ah , The Air Force only selected 180 Officers a year from the Academy , Squadron Officer School and ROTC to attend .
Indeed , The Air Force only selected 180 Officers a year from the Academy , Squadron Officer School and ROTC to attend .
In fact , The Air Force only selected 180 Officers a year from the Academy , Squadron Officer School and ROTC to attend .
Actually , The Air Force only selected 180 Officers a year from the Academy , Squadron Officer School and ROTC to attend .

original sen: 
Congress has proven itself ineffective as a body .
Oh , Congress has proven itself ineffective as a body .
Yup , Congress has proven itself ineffective as a body .
Um , Congress has proven itself ineffective as a body .
Ah , Congress has proven itself ineffective as a body .
Indeed , Congress has proven itself ineffective as a body .
In fact , Congress has proven itself ineffective as a body .
Actually , Congress has proven itself ineffective as a body .

original sen: 
The President has that pulpit .
Oh , The President has that pulpit .
Yup , The President has that pulpit .
Um , The President has that pulpit .
Ah , The President has that pulpit .
Indeed , The President has that pulpit .
In fact , The President has that pulpit .
Actually , The President has that pulpit .

original sen: 
I never wanted to make politics a career .
Oh , I never wanted to make politics a career .
Yup , I never wanted to make politics a career .
Um , I never wanted to make politics a career .
Ah , I never wanted to make politics a career .
Indeed , I never wanted to make politics a career .
In fact , I never wanted to make politics a career .
Actually , I never wanted to make politics a career .

original sen: 
Why did you choose to run in the Republican Party ?
Oh , Why did you choose to run in the Republican Party ?
Yup , Why did you choose to run in the Republican Party ?
Um , Why did you choose to run in the Republican Party ?
Ah , Why did you choose to run in the Republican Party ?
Indeed , Why did you choose to run in the Republican Party ?
In fact , Why did you choose to run in the Republican Party ?
Actually , Why did you choose to run in the Republican Party ?

original sen: 
In those days I believed there was a difference in the parties .
Oh , In those days I believed there was a difference in the parties .
Yup , In those days I believed there was a difference in the parties .
Um , In those days I believed there was a difference in the parties .
Ah , In those days I believed there was a difference in the parties .
Indeed , In those days I believed there was a difference in the parties .
In fact , In those days I believed there was a difference in the parties .
Actually , In those days I believed there was a difference in the parties .

original sen: 
Today , like many Americans , I am skeptical .
Oh , Today , like many Americans , I am skeptical .
Yup , Today , like many Americans , I am skeptical .
Um , Today , like many Americans , I am skeptical .
Ah , Today , like many Americans , I am skeptical .
Indeed , Today , like many Americans , I am skeptical .
In fact , Today , like many Americans , I am skeptical .
Actually , Today , like many Americans , I am skeptical .

original sen: 
I understand third party candidates have no success .
Oh , I understand third party candidates have no success .
Yup , I understand third party candidates have no success .
Um , I understand third party candidates have no success .
Ah , I understand third party candidates have no success .
Indeed , I understand third party candidates have no success .
In fact , I understand third party candidates have no success .
Actually , I understand third party candidates have no success .

original sen: 
How do you plan to get into the Republican debates and make an impact on polls ?
Oh , How do you plan to get into the Republican debates and make an impact on polls ?
Yup , How do you plan to get into the Republican debates and make an impact on polls ?
Um , How do you plan to get into the Republican debates and make an impact on polls ?
Ah , How do you plan to get into the Republican debates and make an impact on polls ?
Indeed , How do you plan to get into the Republican debates and make an impact on polls ?
In fact , How do you plan to get into the Republican debates and make an impact on polls ?
Actually , How do you plan to get into the Republican debates and make an impact on polls ?

original sen: 
This is an effort that is underway .
Oh , This is an effort that is underway .
Yup , This is an effort that is underway .
Um , This is an effort that is underway .
Ah , This is an effort that is underway .
Indeed , This is an effort that is underway .
In fact , This is an effort that is underway .
Actually , This is an effort that is underway .

original sen: 
Recently we were listed in New Hampshire and nationally with Politics1 .
Oh , Recently we were listed in New Hampshire and nationally with Politics1 .
Yup , Recently we were listed in New Hampshire and nationally with Politics1 .
Um , Recently we were listed in New Hampshire and nationally with Politics1 .
Ah , Recently we were listed in New Hampshire and nationally with Politics1 .
Indeed , Recently we were listed in New Hampshire and nationally with Politics1 .
In fact , Recently we were listed in New Hampshire and nationally with Politics1 .
Actually , Recently we were listed in New Hampshire and nationally with Politics1 .

original sen: 
If you do not receive the Republican nomination , would you consider running as a third party candidate ?
Oh , If you do not receive the Republican nomination , would you consider running as a third party candidate ?
Yup , If you do not receive the Republican nomination , would you consider running as a third party candidate ?
Um , If you do not receive the Republican nomination , would you consider running as a third party candidate ?
Ah , If you do not receive the Republican nomination , would you consider running as a third party candidate ?
Indeed , If you do not receive the Republican nomination , would you consider running as a third party candidate ?
In fact , If you do not receive the Republican nomination , would you consider running as a third party candidate ?
Actually , If you do not receive the Republican nomination , would you consider running as a third party candidate ?

original sen: 
After that , I may reconsider .
Oh , After that , I may reconsider .
Yup , After that , I may reconsider .
Um , After that , I may reconsider .
Ah , After that , I may reconsider .
Indeed , After that , I may reconsider .
In fact , After that , I may reconsider .
Actually , After that , I may reconsider .

original sen: 
Other than yourself , which candidates have you supported for president in previous campaigns ?
Oh , Other than yourself , which candidates have you supported for president in previous campaigns ?
Yup , Other than yourself , which candidates have you supported for president in previous campaigns ?
Um , Other than yourself , which candidates have you supported for president in previous campaigns ?
Ah , Other than yourself , which candidates have you supported for president in previous campaigns ?
Indeed , Other than yourself , which candidates have you supported for president in previous campaigns ?
In fact , Other than yourself , which candidates have you supported for president in previous campaigns ?
Actually , Other than yourself , which candidates have you supported for president in previous campaigns ?

original sen: 
Reagan in 80 and 84 , [ George H. W. ] Bush in 88 and 92 , [ Phil ] Gramm in 96 , [ George W. ] Bush in 2000 and , Romney in 08 .
Oh , Reagan in 80 and 84 , [ George H. W. ] Bush in 88 and 92 , [ Phil ] Gramm in 96 , [ George W. ] Bush in 2000 and , Romney in 08 .
Yup , Reagan in 80 and 84 , [ George H. W. ] Bush in 88 and 92 , [ Phil ] Gramm in 96 , [ George W. ] Bush in 2000 and , Romney in 08 .
Um , Reagan in 80 and 84 , [ George H. W. ] Bush in 88 and 92 , [ Phil ] Gramm in 96 , [ George W. ] Bush in 2000 and , Romney in 08 .
Ah , Reagan in 80 and 84 , [ George H. W. ] Bush in 88 and 92 , [ Phil ] Gramm in 96 , [ George W. ] Bush in 2000 and , Romney in 08 .
Indeed , Reagan in 80 and 84 , [ George H. W. ] Bush in 88 and 92 , [ Phil ] Gramm in 96 , [ George W. ] Bush in 2000 and , Romney in 08 .
In fact , Reagan in 80 and 84 , [ George H. W. ] Bush in 88 and 92 , [ Phil ] Gramm in 96 , [ George W. ] Bush in 2000 and , Romney in 08 .
Actually , Reagan in 80 and 84 , [ George H. W. ] Bush in 88 and 92 , [ Phil ] Gramm in 96 , [ George W. ] Bush in 2000 and , Romney in 08 .

original sen: 
What are your thoughts on the job Barack Obama has done as president ?
Oh , What are your thoughts on the job Barack Obama has done as president ?
Yup , What are your thoughts on the job Barack Obama has done as president ?
Um , What are your thoughts on the job Barack Obama has done as president ?
Ah , What are your thoughts on the job Barack Obama has done as president ?
Indeed , What are your thoughts on the job Barack Obama has done as president ?
In fact , What are your thoughts on the job Barack Obama has done as president ?
Actually , What are your thoughts on the job Barack Obama has done as president ?

original sen: 
Specifically , what would you have done differently ?
Oh , Specifically , what would you have done differently ?
Yup , Specifically , what would you have done differently ?
Um , Specifically , what would you have done differently ?
Ah , Specifically , what would you have done differently ?
Indeed , Specifically , what would you have done differently ?
In fact , Specifically , what would you have done differently ?
Actually , Specifically , what would you have done differently ?

original sen: 
His direction to Eric Holder to enforce some laws and not others is another example .
Oh , His direction to Eric Holder to enforce some laws and not others is another example .
Yup , His direction to Eric Holder to enforce some laws and not others is another example .
Um , His direction to Eric Holder to enforce some laws and not others is another example .
Ah , His direction to Eric Holder to enforce some laws and not others is another example .
Indeed , His direction to Eric Holder to enforce some laws and not others is another example .
In fact , His direction to Eric Holder to enforce some laws and not others is another example .
Actually , His direction to Eric Holder to enforce some laws and not others is another example .

original sen: 
If elected , what would constitute a successful presidency for you ?
Oh , If elected , what would constitute a successful presidency for you ?
Yup , If elected , what would constitute a successful presidency for you ?
Um , If elected , what would constitute a successful presidency for you ?
Ah , If elected , what would constitute a successful presidency for you ?
Indeed , If elected , what would constitute a successful presidency for you ?
In fact , If elected , what would constitute a successful presidency for you ?
Actually , If elected , what would constitute a successful presidency for you ?

original sen: 
Achieving four goals :
Oh , Achieving four goals :
Yup , Achieving four goals :
Um , Achieving four goals :
Ah , Achieving four goals :
Indeed , Achieving four goals :
In fact , Achieving four goals :
Actually , Achieving four goals :

original sen: 
Closing Loopholes and putting in place a system that is transparent and works .
Oh , Closing Loopholes and putting in place a system that is transparent and works .
Yup , Closing Loopholes and putting in place a system that is transparent and works .
Um , Closing Loopholes and putting in place a system that is transparent and works .
Ah , Closing Loopholes and putting in place a system that is transparent and works .
Indeed , Closing Loopholes and putting in place a system that is transparent and works .
In fact , Closing Loopholes and putting in place a system that is transparent and works .
Actually , Closing Loopholes and putting in place a system that is transparent and works .

original sen: 
Passing a Living Wage program lifting people out of poverty .
Oh , Passing a Living Wage program lifting people out of poverty .
Yup , Passing a Living Wage program lifting people out of poverty .
Um , Passing a Living Wage program lifting people out of poverty .
Ah , Passing a Living Wage program lifting people out of poverty .
Indeed , Passing a Living Wage program lifting people out of poverty .
In fact , Passing a Living Wage program lifting people out of poverty .
Actually , Passing a Living Wage program lifting people out of poverty .

original sen: 
Returning America to a state of Peace and Security .
Oh , Returning America to a state of Peace and Security .
Yup , Returning America to a state of Peace and Security .
Um , Returning America to a state of Peace and Security .
Ah , Returning America to a state of Peace and Security .
Indeed , Returning America to a state of Peace and Security .
In fact , Returning America to a state of Peace and Security .
Actually , Returning America to a state of Peace and Security .

original sen: 
What individuals would you like to see in a Hill administration ?
Oh , What individuals would you like to see in a Hill administration ?
Yup , What individuals would you like to see in a Hill administration ?
Um , What individuals would you like to see in a Hill administration ?
Ah , What individuals would you like to see in a Hill administration ?
Indeed , What individuals would you like to see in a Hill administration ?
In fact , What individuals would you like to see in a Hill administration ?
Actually , What individuals would you like to see in a Hill administration ?

original sen: 
Hill ( right ) with fellow 2012 presidential candidate Buddy Roemer .
Oh , Hill ( right ) with fellow 2012 presidential candidate Buddy Roemer .
Yup , Hill ( right ) with fellow 2012 presidential candidate Buddy Roemer .
Um , Hill ( right ) with fellow 2012 presidential candidate Buddy Roemer .
Ah , Hill ( right ) with fellow 2012 presidential candidate Buddy Roemer .
Indeed , Hill ( right ) with fellow 2012 presidential candidate Buddy Roemer .
In fact , Hill ( right ) with fellow 2012 presidential candidate Buddy Roemer .
Actually , Hill ( right ) with fellow 2012 presidential candidate Buddy Roemer .

original sen: 
A final thought .
Oh , A final thought .
Yup , A final thought .
Um , A final thought .
Ah , A final thought .
Indeed , A final thought .
In fact , A final thought .
Actually , A final thought .

original sen: 
America is a nation that will endure .
Oh , America is a nation that will endure .
Yup , America is a nation that will endure .
Um , America is a nation that will endure .
Ah , America is a nation that will endure .
Indeed , America is a nation that will endure .
In fact , America is a nation that will endure .
Actually , America is a nation that will endure .

original sen: 
I believe it is our responsibility to pass on the same opportunities to future generations that were promised to us .
Oh , I believe it is our responsibility to pass on the same opportunities to future generations that were promised to us .
Yup , I believe it is our responsibility to pass on the same opportunities to future generations that were promised to us .
Um , I believe it is our responsibility to pass on the same opportunities to future generations that were promised to us .
Ah , I believe it is our responsibility to pass on the same opportunities to future generations that were promised to us .
Indeed , I believe it is our responsibility to pass on the same opportunities to future generations that were promised to us .
In fact , I believe it is our responsibility to pass on the same opportunities to future generations that were promised to us .
Actually , I believe it is our responsibility to pass on the same opportunities to future generations that were promised to us .

original sen: 
As President , I intend to keep that promise !
Oh , As President , I intend to keep that promise !
Yup , As President , I intend to keep that promise !
Um , As President , I intend to keep that promise !
Ah , As President , I intend to keep that promise !
Indeed , As President , I intend to keep that promise !
In fact , As President , I intend to keep that promise !
Actually , As President , I intend to keep that promise !

original sen: 
Wikinews interviews Robert Sarvis , Libertarian Party nominee for Governor of Virginia
Oh , Wikinews interviews Robert Sarvis , Libertarian Party nominee for Governor of Virginia
Yup , Wikinews interviews Robert Sarvis , Libertarian Party nominee for Governor of Virginia
Um , Wikinews interviews Robert Sarvis , Libertarian Party nominee for Governor of Virginia
Ah , Wikinews interviews Robert Sarvis , Libertarian Party nominee for Governor of Virginia
Indeed , Wikinews interviews Robert Sarvis , Libertarian Party nominee for Governor of Virginia
In fact , Wikinews interviews Robert Sarvis , Libertarian Party nominee for Governor of Virginia
Actually , Wikinews interviews Robert Sarvis , Libertarian Party nominee for Governor of Virginia

original sen: 
Saturday , October 19 , 2013
Oh , Saturday , October 19 , 2013
Yup , Saturday , October 19 , 2013
Um , Saturday , October 19 , 2013
Ah , Saturday , October 19 , 2013
Indeed , Saturday , October 19 , 2013
In fact , Saturday , October 19 , 2013
Actually , Saturday , October 19 , 2013

original sen: 
Attorney Robert Sarvis , the Libertarian Party 's nominee for Governor of Virginia , answered five questions submitted via e-mail by accredited Wikinews reporter William Saturn .
Oh , Attorney Robert Sarvis , the Libertarian Party 's nominee for Governor of Virginia , answered five questions submitted via e-mail by accredited Wikinews reporter William Saturn .
Yup , Attorney Robert Sarvis , the Libertarian Party 's nominee for Governor of Virginia , answered five questions submitted via e-mail by accredited Wikinews reporter William Saturn .
Um , Attorney Robert Sarvis , the Libertarian Party 's nominee for Governor of Virginia , answered five questions submitted via e-mail by accredited Wikinews reporter William Saturn .
Ah , Attorney Robert Sarvis , the Libertarian Party 's nominee for Governor of Virginia , answered five questions submitted via e-mail by accredited Wikinews reporter William Saturn .
Indeed , Attorney Robert Sarvis , the Libertarian Party 's nominee for Governor of Virginia , answered five questions submitted via e-mail by accredited Wikinews reporter William Saturn .
In fact , Attorney Robert Sarvis , the Libertarian Party 's nominee for Governor of Virginia , answered five questions submitted via e-mail by accredited Wikinews reporter William Saturn .
Actually , Attorney Robert Sarvis , the Libertarian Party 's nominee for Governor of Virginia , answered five questions submitted via e-mail by accredited Wikinews reporter William Saturn .

original sen: 
Sarvis has garnered double digits in opinion polls for the 2013 Virginia gubernatorial election , an unusual feat for a third party candidate .
Oh , Sarvis has garnered double digits in opinion polls for the 2013 Virginia gubernatorial election , an unusual feat for a third party candidate .
Yup , Sarvis has garnered double digits in opinion polls for the 2013 Virginia gubernatorial election , an unusual feat for a third party candidate .
Um , Sarvis has garnered double digits in opinion polls for the 2013 Virginia gubernatorial election , an unusual feat for a third party candidate .
Ah , Sarvis has garnered double digits in opinion polls for the 2013 Virginia gubernatorial election , an unusual feat for a third party candidate .
Indeed , Sarvis has garnered double digits in opinion polls for the 2013 Virginia gubernatorial election , an unusual feat for a third party candidate .
In fact , Sarvis has garnered double digits in opinion polls for the 2013 Virginia gubernatorial election , an unusual feat for a third party candidate .
Actually , Sarvis has garnered double digits in opinion polls for the 2013 Virginia gubernatorial election , an unusual feat for a third party candidate .

original sen: 
Whoever wins election on November 5 , 2013 , would replace outgoing governor Bob McDonnell .
Oh , Whoever wins election on November 5 , 2013 , would replace outgoing governor Bob McDonnell .
Yup , Whoever wins election on November 5 , 2013 , would replace outgoing governor Bob McDonnell .
Um , Whoever wins election on November 5 , 2013 , would replace outgoing governor Bob McDonnell .
Ah , Whoever wins election on November 5 , 2013 , would replace outgoing governor Bob McDonnell .
Indeed , Whoever wins election on November 5 , 2013 , would replace outgoing governor Bob McDonnell .
In fact , Whoever wins election on November 5 , 2013 , would replace outgoing governor Bob McDonnell .
Actually , Whoever wins election on November 5 , 2013 , would replace outgoing governor Bob McDonnell .

original sen: 
Interview
Oh , Interview
Yup , Interview
Um , Interview
Ah , Interview
Indeed , Interview
In fact , Interview
Actually , Interview

original sen: 
What is the most important aspect of your background that voters should know about ?
Oh , What is the most important aspect of your background that voters should know about ?
Yup , What is the most important aspect of your background that voters should know about ?
Um , What is the most important aspect of your background that voters should know about ?
Ah , What is the most important aspect of your background that voters should know about ?
Indeed , What is the most important aspect of your background that voters should know about ?
In fact , What is the most important aspect of your background that voters should know about ?
Actually , What is the most important aspect of your background that voters should know about ?

original sen: 
I am the only candidate born and raised in Virginia , but also the only candidate who embodies both physically and philosophically the growing diversity of the commonwealth .
Oh , I am the only candidate born and raised in Virginia , but also the only candidate who embodies both physically and philosophically the growing diversity of the commonwealth .
Yup , I am the only candidate born and raised in Virginia , but also the only candidate who embodies both physically and philosophically the growing diversity of the commonwealth .
Um , I am the only candidate born and raised in Virginia , but also the only candidate who embodies both physically and philosophically the growing diversity of the commonwealth .
Ah , I am the only candidate born and raised in Virginia , but also the only candidate who embodies both physically and philosophically the growing diversity of the commonwealth .
Indeed , I am the only candidate born and raised in Virginia , but also the only candidate who embodies both physically and philosophically the growing diversity of the commonwealth .
In fact , I am the only candidate born and raised in Virginia , but also the only candidate who embodies both physically and philosophically the growing diversity of the commonwealth .
Actually , I am the only candidate born and raised in Virginia , but also the only candidate who embodies both physically and philosophically the growing diversity of the commonwealth .

original sen: 
I am the only candidate who has studied both economics and law , and the only candidate with a background in technology entrepreneurship .
Oh , I am the only candidate who has studied both economics and law , and the only candidate with a background in technology entrepreneurship .
Yup , I am the only candidate who has studied both economics and law , and the only candidate with a background in technology entrepreneurship .
Um , I am the only candidate who has studied both economics and law , and the only candidate with a background in technology entrepreneurship .
Ah , I am the only candidate who has studied both economics and law , and the only candidate with a background in technology entrepreneurship .
Indeed , I am the only candidate who has studied both economics and law , and the only candidate with a background in technology entrepreneurship .
In fact , I am the only candidate who has studied both economics and law , and the only candidate with a background in technology entrepreneurship .
Actually , I am the only candidate who has studied both economics and law , and the only candidate with a background in technology entrepreneurship .

original sen: 
I am the only candidate who believes in both economic freedom and personal liberty and the only candidate who stands on principle against cronyism and corporatism and in favor of the rule of law .
Oh , I am the only candidate who believes in both economic freedom and personal liberty and the only candidate who stands on principle against cronyism and corporatism and in favor of the rule of law .
Yup , I am the only candidate who believes in both economic freedom and personal liberty and the only candidate who stands on principle against cronyism and corporatism and in favor of the rule of law .
Um , I am the only candidate who believes in both economic freedom and personal liberty and the only candidate who stands on principle against cronyism and corporatism and in favor of the rule of law .
Ah , I am the only candidate who believes in both economic freedom and personal liberty and the only candidate who stands on principle against cronyism and corporatism and in favor of the rule of law .
Indeed , I am the only candidate who believes in both economic freedom and personal liberty and the only candidate who stands on principle against cronyism and corporatism and in favor of the rule of law .
In fact , I am the only candidate who believes in both economic freedom and personal liberty and the only candidate who stands on principle against cronyism and corporatism and in favor of the rule of law .
Actually , I am the only candidate who believes in both economic freedom and personal liberty and the only candidate who stands on principle against cronyism and corporatism and in favor of the rule of law .

original sen: 
What are your thoughts on the job Bob McDonnell has done as Governor of Virginia ?
Oh , What are your thoughts on the job Bob McDonnell has done as Governor of Virginia ?
Yup , What are your thoughts on the job Bob McDonnell has done as Governor of Virginia ?
Um , What are your thoughts on the job Bob McDonnell has done as Governor of Virginia ?
Ah , What are your thoughts on the job Bob McDonnell has done as Governor of Virginia ?
Indeed , What are your thoughts on the job Bob McDonnell has done as Governor of Virginia ?
In fact , What are your thoughts on the job Bob McDonnell has done as Governor of Virginia ?
Actually , What are your thoughts on the job Bob McDonnell has done as Governor of Virginia ?

original sen: 
What would you have done differently than him ?
Oh , What would you have done differently than him ?
Yup , What would you have done differently than him ?
Um , What would you have done differently than him ?
Ah , What would you have done differently than him ?
Indeed , What would you have done differently than him ?
In fact , What would you have done differently than him ?
Actually , What would you have done differently than him ?

original sen: 
Those early budget efforts are his highest achievements as Governor .
Oh , Those early budget efforts are his highest achievements as Governor .
Yup , Those early budget efforts are his highest achievements as Governor .
Um , Those early budget efforts are his highest achievements as Governor .
Ah , Those early budget efforts are his highest achievements as Governor .
Indeed , Those early budget efforts are his highest achievements as Governor .
In fact , Those early budget efforts are his highest achievements as Governor .
Actually , Those early budget efforts are his highest achievements as Governor .

original sen: 
He could have shown much greater leadership in pushing for tax reform , regulatory reform , and school choice .
Oh , He could have shown much greater leadership in pushing for tax reform , regulatory reform , and school choice .
Yup , He could have shown much greater leadership in pushing for tax reform , regulatory reform , and school choice .
Um , He could have shown much greater leadership in pushing for tax reform , regulatory reform , and school choice .
Ah , He could have shown much greater leadership in pushing for tax reform , regulatory reform , and school choice .
Indeed , He could have shown much greater leadership in pushing for tax reform , regulatory reform , and school choice .
In fact , He could have shown much greater leadership in pushing for tax reform , regulatory reform , and school choice .
Actually , He could have shown much greater leadership in pushing for tax reform , regulatory reform , and school choice .

original sen: 
Compared to previous third party candidates at the gubernatorial level , you have done exceptionally well in opinion polling .
Oh , Compared to previous third party candidates at the gubernatorial level , you have done exceptionally well in opinion polling .
Yup , Compared to previous third party candidates at the gubernatorial level , you have done exceptionally well in opinion polling .
Um , Compared to previous third party candidates at the gubernatorial level , you have done exceptionally well in opinion polling .
Ah , Compared to previous third party candidates at the gubernatorial level , you have done exceptionally well in opinion polling .
Indeed , Compared to previous third party candidates at the gubernatorial level , you have done exceptionally well in opinion polling .
In fact , Compared to previous third party candidates at the gubernatorial level , you have done exceptionally well in opinion polling .
Actually , Compared to previous third party candidates at the gubernatorial level , you have done exceptionally well in opinion polling .

original sen: 
What do you attribute that success to ?
Oh , What do you attribute that success to ?
Yup , What do you attribute that success to ?
Um , What do you attribute that success to ?
Ah , What do you attribute that success to ?
Indeed , What do you attribute that success to ?
In fact , What do you attribute that success to ?
Actually , What do you attribute that success to ?

original sen: 
Voters see the two-party system for the sham it has become .
Oh , Voters see the two-party system for the sham it has become .
Yup , Voters see the two-party system for the sham it has become .
Um , Voters see the two-party system for the sham it has become .
Ah , Voters see the two-party system for the sham it has become .
Indeed , Voters see the two-party system for the sham it has become .
In fact , Voters see the two-party system for the sham it has become .
Actually , Voters see the two-party system for the sham it has become .

original sen: 
They are sick of the partisanship and nonsense and the total lack of substance in modern campaigns .
Oh , They are sick of the partisanship and nonsense and the total lack of substance in modern campaigns .
Yup , They are sick of the partisanship and nonsense and the total lack of substance in modern campaigns .
Um , They are sick of the partisanship and nonsense and the total lack of substance in modern campaigns .
Ah , They are sick of the partisanship and nonsense and the total lack of substance in modern campaigns .
Indeed , They are sick of the partisanship and nonsense and the total lack of substance in modern campaigns .
In fact , They are sick of the partisanship and nonsense and the total lack of substance in modern campaigns .
Actually , They are sick of the partisanship and nonsense and the total lack of substance in modern campaigns .

original sen: 
If elected governor , how will you be able to implement your agenda while dealing with a hostile legislature ?
Oh , If elected governor , how will you be able to implement your agenda while dealing with a hostile legislature ?
Yup , If elected governor , how will you be able to implement your agenda while dealing with a hostile legislature ?
Um , If elected governor , how will you be able to implement your agenda while dealing with a hostile legislature ?
Ah , If elected governor , how will you be able to implement your agenda while dealing with a hostile legislature ?
Indeed , If elected governor , how will you be able to implement your agenda while dealing with a hostile legislature ?
In fact , If elected governor , how will you be able to implement your agenda while dealing with a hostile legislature ?
Actually , If elected governor , how will you be able to implement your agenda while dealing with a hostile legislature ?

original sen: 
There are precedents of independent governors dealing effectively with the legislature , and indeed a wise third-party governor can have greater effectiveness than a major party governor .
Oh , There are precedents of independent governors dealing effectively with the legislature , and indeed a wise third-party governor can have greater effectiveness than a major party governor .
Yup , There are precedents of independent governors dealing effectively with the legislature , and indeed a wise third-party governor can have greater effectiveness than a major party governor .
Um , There are precedents of independent governors dealing effectively with the legislature , and indeed a wise third-party governor can have greater effectiveness than a major party governor .
Ah , There are precedents of independent governors dealing effectively with the legislature , and indeed a wise third-party governor can have greater effectiveness than a major party governor .
Indeed , There are precedents of independent governors dealing effectively with the legislature , and indeed a wise third-party governor can have greater effectiveness than a major party governor .
In fact , There are precedents of independent governors dealing effectively with the legislature , and indeed a wise third-party governor can have greater effectiveness than a major party governor .
Actually , There are precedents of independent governors dealing effectively with the legislature , and indeed a wise third-party governor can have greater effectiveness than a major party governor .

original sen: 
Thomas Jefferson .
Oh , Thomas Jefferson .
Yup , Thomas Jefferson .
Um , Thomas Jefferson .
Ah , Thomas Jefferson .
Indeed , Thomas Jefferson .
In fact , Thomas Jefferson .
Actually , Thomas Jefferson .

original sen: 
He was incredibly learned and was a strong advocate for freedom and the rule of law .
Oh , He was incredibly learned and was a strong advocate for freedom and the rule of law .
Yup , He was incredibly learned and was a strong advocate for freedom and the rule of law .
Um , He was incredibly learned and was a strong advocate for freedom and the rule of law .
Ah , He was incredibly learned and was a strong advocate for freedom and the rule of law .
Indeed , He was incredibly learned and was a strong advocate for freedom and the rule of law .
In fact , He was incredibly learned and was a strong advocate for freedom and the rule of law .
Actually , He was incredibly learned and was a strong advocate for freedom and the rule of law .

original sen: 
Robert Sarvis .
Oh , Robert Sarvis .
Yup , Robert Sarvis .
Um , Robert Sarvis .
Ah , Robert Sarvis .
Indeed , Robert Sarvis .
In fact , Robert Sarvis .
Actually , Robert Sarvis .

original sen: 
Virginia , highlighted in red .
Oh , Virginia , highlighted in red .
Yup , Virginia , highlighted in red .
Um , Virginia , highlighted in red .
Ah , Virginia , highlighted in red .
Indeed , Virginia , highlighted in red .
In fact , Virginia , highlighted in red .
Actually , Virginia , highlighted in red .

original sen: 
Image : Huebi .
Oh , Image : Huebi .
Yup , Image : Huebi .
Um , Image : Huebi .
Ah , Image : Huebi .
Indeed , Image : Huebi .
In fact , Image : Huebi .
Actually , Image : Huebi .

original sen: 
Interview with LibriVox founder Hugh McGuire
Oh , Interview with LibriVox founder Hugh McGuire
Yup , Interview with LibriVox founder Hugh McGuire
Um , Interview with LibriVox founder Hugh McGuire
Ah , Interview with LibriVox founder Hugh McGuire
Indeed , Interview with LibriVox founder Hugh McGuire
In fact , Interview with LibriVox founder Hugh McGuire
Actually , Interview with LibriVox founder Hugh McGuire

original sen: 
Sunday , May 28 , 2006
Oh , Sunday , May 28 , 2006
Yup , Sunday , May 28 , 2006
Um , Sunday , May 28 , 2006
Ah , Sunday , May 28 , 2006
Indeed , Sunday , May 28 , 2006
In fact , Sunday , May 28 , 2006
Actually , Sunday , May 28 , 2006

original sen: 
Why did you decide to take the acoustic fate of public domain works into your own hands , and how did you go about it ?
Oh , Why did you decide to take the acoustic fate of public domain works into your own hands , and how did you go about it ?
Yup , Why did you decide to take the acoustic fate of public domain works into your own hands , and how did you go about it ?
Um , Why did you decide to take the acoustic fate of public domain works into your own hands , and how did you go about it ?
Ah , Why did you decide to take the acoustic fate of public domain works into your own hands , and how did you go about it ?
Indeed , Why did you decide to take the acoustic fate of public domain works into your own hands , and how did you go about it ?
In fact , Why did you decide to take the acoustic fate of public domain works into your own hands , and how did you go about it ?
Actually , Why did you decide to take the acoustic fate of public domain works into your own hands , and how did you go about it ?

original sen: 
I think that a vibrant public domain is very important to a healthy world , and so I thought : here 's a way to help the cause .
Oh , I think that a vibrant public domain is very important to a healthy world , and so I thought : here 's a way to help the cause .
Yup , I think that a vibrant public domain is very important to a healthy world , and so I thought : here 's a way to help the cause .
Um , I think that a vibrant public domain is very important to a healthy world , and so I thought : here 's a way to help the cause .
Ah , I think that a vibrant public domain is very important to a healthy world , and so I thought : here 's a way to help the cause .
Indeed , I think that a vibrant public domain is very important to a healthy world , and so I thought : here 's a way to help the cause .
In fact , I think that a vibrant public domain is very important to a healthy world , and so I thought : here 's a way to help the cause .
Actually , I think that a vibrant public domain is very important to a healthy world , and so I thought : here 's a way to help the cause .

original sen: 
That , I think , started my thinking about this , but it took a while for the idea to crystallize .
Oh , That , I think , started my thinking about this , but it took a while for the idea to crystallize .
Yup , That , I think , started my thinking about this , but it took a while for the idea to crystallize .
Um , That , I think , started my thinking about this , but it took a while for the idea to crystallize .
Ah , That , I think , started my thinking about this , but it took a while for the idea to crystallize .
Indeed , That , I think , started my thinking about this , but it took a while for the idea to crystallize .
In fact , That , I think , started my thinking about this , but it took a while for the idea to crystallize .
Actually , That , I think , started my thinking about this , but it took a while for the idea to crystallize .

original sen: 
Do you personally record audiobooks , and did you already do so before LibriVox ?
Oh , Do you personally record audiobooks , and did you already do so before LibriVox ?
Yup , Do you personally record audiobooks , and did you already do so before LibriVox ?
Um , Do you personally record audiobooks , and did you already do so before LibriVox ?
Ah , Do you personally record audiobooks , and did you already do so before LibriVox ?
Indeed , Do you personally record audiobooks , and did you already do so before LibriVox ?
In fact , Do you personally record audiobooks , and did you already do so before LibriVox ?
Actually , Do you personally record audiobooks , and did you already do so before LibriVox ?

original sen: 
Other random good ones :
Oh , Other random good ones :
Yup , Other random good ones :
Um , Other random good ones :
Ah , Other random good ones :
Indeed , Other random good ones :
In fact , Other random good ones :
Actually , Other random good ones :

original sen: 
Austen , Jane .
Oh , Austen , Jane .
Yup , Austen , Jane .
Um , Austen , Jane .
Ah , Austen , Jane .
Indeed , Austen , Jane .
In fact , Austen , Jane .
Actually , Austen , Jane .

original sen: 
Christie , Agatha .
Oh , Christie , Agatha .
Yup , Christie , Agatha .
Um , Christie , Agatha .
Ah , Christie , Agatha .
Indeed , Christie , Agatha .
In fact , Christie , Agatha .
Actually , Christie , Agatha .

original sen: 
London , Jack .
Oh , London , Jack .
Yup , London , Jack .
Um , London , Jack .
Ah , London , Jack .
Indeed , London , Jack .
In fact , London , Jack .
Actually , London , Jack .

original sen: 
White Fang
Oh , White Fang
Yup , White Fang
Um , White Fang
Ah , White Fang
Indeed , White Fang
In fact , White Fang
Actually , White Fang

original sen: 
Macaulay , Thomas Babington .
Oh , Macaulay , Thomas Babington .
Yup , Macaulay , Thomas Babington .
Um , Macaulay , Thomas Babington .
Ah , Macaulay , Thomas Babington .
Indeed , Macaulay , Thomas Babington .
In fact , Macaulay , Thomas Babington .
Actually , Macaulay , Thomas Babington .

original sen: 
Marx , Karl and Engels , Friedrich .
Oh , Marx , Karl and Engels , Friedrich .
Yup , Marx , Karl and Engels , Friedrich .
Um , Marx , Karl and Engels , Friedrich .
Ah , Marx , Karl and Engels , Friedrich .
Indeed , Marx , Karl and Engels , Friedrich .
In fact , Marx , Karl and Engels , Friedrich .
Actually , Marx , Karl and Engels , Friedrich .

original sen: 
Twain , Mark .
Oh , Twain , Mark .
Yup , Twain , Mark .
Um , Twain , Mark .
Ah , Twain , Mark .
Indeed , Twain , Mark .
In fact , Twain , Mark .
Actually , Twain , Mark .

original sen: 
Browsing the catalog , I find that the quality of the spoken audio varies greatly from text to text or even from chapter to chapter .
Oh , Browsing the catalog , I find that the quality of the spoken audio varies greatly from text to text or even from chapter to chapter .
Yup , Browsing the catalog , I find that the quality of the spoken audio varies greatly from text to text or even from chapter to chapter .
Um , Browsing the catalog , I find that the quality of the spoken audio varies greatly from text to text or even from chapter to chapter .
Ah , Browsing the catalog , I find that the quality of the spoken audio varies greatly from text to text or even from chapter to chapter .
Indeed , Browsing the catalog , I find that the quality of the spoken audio varies greatly from text to text or even from chapter to chapter .
In fact , Browsing the catalog , I find that the quality of the spoken audio varies greatly from text to text or even from chapter to chapter .
Actually , Browsing the catalog , I find that the quality of the spoken audio varies greatly from text to text or even from chapter to chapter .

original sen: 
Yes .
Oh , Yes .
Yup , Yes .
Um , Yes .
Ah , Yes .
Indeed , Yes .
In fact , Yes .
Actually , Yes .

original sen: 
We take the Wikipedia approach : if you think it should be better , please help it be so .
Oh , We take the Wikipedia approach : if you think it should be better , please help it be so .
Yup , We take the Wikipedia approach : if you think it should be better , please help it be so .
Um , We take the Wikipedia approach : if you think it should be better , please help it be so .
Ah , We take the Wikipedia approach : if you think it should be better , please help it be so .
Indeed , We take the Wikipedia approach : if you think it should be better , please help it be so .
In fact , We take the Wikipedia approach : if you think it should be better , please help it be so .
Actually , We take the Wikipedia approach : if you think it should be better , please help it be so .

original sen: 
You 'll note we offer a couple of versions of some books .
Oh , You 'll note we offer a couple of versions of some books .
Yup , You 'll note we offer a couple of versions of some books .
Um , You 'll note we offer a couple of versions of some books .
Ah , You 'll note we offer a couple of versions of some books .
Indeed , You 'll note we offer a couple of versions of some books .
In fact , You 'll note we offer a couple of versions of some books .
Actually , You 'll note we offer a couple of versions of some books .

original sen: 
Besides works whose copyright has expired , there is an increasing number of modern books available under Creative Commons and similar licenses .
Oh , Besides works whose copyright has expired , there is an increasing number of modern books available under Creative Commons and similar licenses .
Yup , Besides works whose copyright has expired , there is an increasing number of modern books available under Creative Commons and similar licenses .
Um , Besides works whose copyright has expired , there is an increasing number of modern books available under Creative Commons and similar licenses .
Ah , Besides works whose copyright has expired , there is an increasing number of modern books available under Creative Commons and similar licenses .
Indeed , Besides works whose copyright has expired , there is an increasing number of modern books available under Creative Commons and similar licenses .
In fact , Besides works whose copyright has expired , there is an increasing number of modern books available under Creative Commons and similar licenses .
Actually , Besides works whose copyright has expired , there is an increasing number of modern books available under Creative Commons and similar licenses .

original sen: 
CC makes things more complex .
Oh , CC makes things more complex .
Yup , CC makes things more complex .
Um , CC makes things more complex .
Ah , CC makes things more complex .
Indeed , CC makes things more complex .
In fact , CC makes things more complex .
Actually , CC makes things more complex .

original sen: 
we find it makes things clear and easy to say : published works , public domain , and leave it at that .
Oh , we find it makes things clear and easy to say : published works , public domain , and leave it at that .
Yup , we find it makes things clear and easy to say : published works , public domain , and leave it at that .
Um , we find it makes things clear and easy to say : published works , public domain , and leave it at that .
Ah , we find it makes things clear and easy to say : published works , public domain , and leave it at that .
Indeed , we find it makes things clear and easy to say : published works , public domain , and leave it at that .
In fact , we find it makes things clear and easy to say : published works , public domain , and leave it at that .
Actually , we find it makes things clear and easy to say : published works , public domain , and leave it at that .

original sen: 
That 's good and well and fine with us .
Oh , That 's good and well and fine with us .
Yup , That 's good and well and fine with us .
Um , That 's good and well and fine with us .
Ah , That 's good and well and fine with us .
Indeed , That 's good and well and fine with us .
In fact , That 's good and well and fine with us .
Actually , That 's good and well and fine with us .

original sen: 
While Pride and Prejudice will attract many readers , I do n't know about O'Reilly 's latest tome on XML ... though I might be wrong .
Oh , While Pride and Prejudice will attract many readers , I do n't know about O'Reilly 's latest tome on XML ... though I might be wrong .
Yup , While Pride and Prejudice will attract many readers , I do n't know about O'Reilly 's latest tome on XML ... though I might be wrong .
Um , While Pride and Prejudice will attract many readers , I do n't know about O'Reilly 's latest tome on XML ... though I might be wrong .
Ah , While Pride and Prejudice will attract many readers , I do n't know about O'Reilly 's latest tome on XML ... though I might be wrong .
Indeed , While Pride and Prejudice will attract many readers , I do n't know about O'Reilly 's latest tome on XML ... though I might be wrong .
In fact , While Pride and Prejudice will attract many readers , I do n't know about O'Reilly 's latest tome on XML ... though I might be wrong .
Actually , While Pride and Prejudice will attract many readers , I do n't know about O'Reilly 's latest tome on XML ... though I might be wrong .

original sen: 
Wednesday , September 7 , 2016
Oh , Wednesday , September 7 , 2016
Yup , Wednesday , September 7 , 2016
Um , Wednesday , September 7 , 2016
Ah , Wednesday , September 7 , 2016
Indeed , Wednesday , September 7 , 2016
In fact , Wednesday , September 7 , 2016
Actually , Wednesday , September 7 , 2016

original sen: 
The far end of part of the convention floor , shortly after opening Friday .
Oh , The far end of part of the convention floor , shortly after opening Friday .
Yup , The far end of part of the convention floor , shortly after opening Friday .
Um , The far end of part of the convention floor , shortly after opening Friday .
Ah , The far end of part of the convention floor , shortly after opening Friday .
Indeed , The far end of part of the convention floor , shortly after opening Friday .
In fact , The far end of part of the convention floor , shortly after opening Friday .
Actually , The far end of part of the convention floor , shortly after opening Friday .

original sen: 
Image : Nick Moreau .
Oh , Image : Nick Moreau .
Yup , Image : Nick Moreau .
Um , Image : Nick Moreau .
Ah , Image : Nick Moreau .
Indeed , Image : Nick Moreau .
In fact , Image : Nick Moreau .
Actually , Image : Nick Moreau .

original sen: 
The 22nd Fan Expo Canada took place at the Metro Toronto Convention Centre this weekend , attracting thousands to the event , one of the most popular in North America .
Oh , The 22nd Fan Expo Canada took place at the Metro Toronto Convention Centre this weekend , attracting thousands to the event , one of the most popular in North America .
Yup , The 22nd Fan Expo Canada took place at the Metro Toronto Convention Centre this weekend , attracting thousands to the event , one of the most popular in North America .
Um , The 22nd Fan Expo Canada took place at the Metro Toronto Convention Centre this weekend , attracting thousands to the event , one of the most popular in North America .
Ah , The 22nd Fan Expo Canada took place at the Metro Toronto Convention Centre this weekend , attracting thousands to the event , one of the most popular in North America .
Indeed , The 22nd Fan Expo Canada took place at the Metro Toronto Convention Centre this weekend , attracting thousands to the event , one of the most popular in North America .
In fact , The 22nd Fan Expo Canada took place at the Metro Toronto Convention Centre this weekend , attracting thousands to the event , one of the most popular in North America .
Actually , The 22nd Fan Expo Canada took place at the Metro Toronto Convention Centre this weekend , attracting thousands to the event , one of the most popular in North America .

original sen: 
Crossing between the genres of science fiction , horror , anime , fantasy and comics , the event sprawled throughout all corners of the facility .
Oh , Crossing between the genres of science fiction , horror , anime , fantasy and comics , the event sprawled throughout all corners of the facility .
Yup , Crossing between the genres of science fiction , horror , anime , fantasy and comics , the event sprawled throughout all corners of the facility .
Um , Crossing between the genres of science fiction , horror , anime , fantasy and comics , the event sprawled throughout all corners of the facility .
Ah , Crossing between the genres of science fiction , horror , anime , fantasy and comics , the event sprawled throughout all corners of the facility .
Indeed , Crossing between the genres of science fiction , horror , anime , fantasy and comics , the event sprawled throughout all corners of the facility .
In fact , Crossing between the genres of science fiction , horror , anime , fantasy and comics , the event sprawled throughout all corners of the facility .
Actually , Crossing between the genres of science fiction , horror , anime , fantasy and comics , the event sprawled throughout all corners of the facility .

original sen: 
Hundreds of vendors offered products new and old , joined by celebrity guests like Stan Lee , Mark Hamill , and Margaret Atwood .
Oh , Hundreds of vendors offered products new and old , joined by celebrity guests like Stan Lee , Mark Hamill , and Margaret Atwood .
Yup , Hundreds of vendors offered products new and old , joined by celebrity guests like Stan Lee , Mark Hamill , and Margaret Atwood .
Um , Hundreds of vendors offered products new and old , joined by celebrity guests like Stan Lee , Mark Hamill , and Margaret Atwood .
Ah , Hundreds of vendors offered products new and old , joined by celebrity guests like Stan Lee , Mark Hamill , and Margaret Atwood .
Indeed , Hundreds of vendors offered products new and old , joined by celebrity guests like Stan Lee , Mark Hamill , and Margaret Atwood .
In fact , Hundreds of vendors offered products new and old , joined by celebrity guests like Stan Lee , Mark Hamill , and Margaret Atwood .
Actually , Hundreds of vendors offered products new and old , joined by celebrity guests like Stan Lee , Mark Hamill , and Margaret Atwood .

original sen: 
Various local fan organizations were there in a charitable capacity , and thousands of fans donned costumes , many of which they themselves created .
Oh , Various local fan organizations were there in a charitable capacity , and thousands of fans donned costumes , many of which they themselves created .
Yup , Various local fan organizations were there in a charitable capacity , and thousands of fans donned costumes , many of which they themselves created .
Um , Various local fan organizations were there in a charitable capacity , and thousands of fans donned costumes , many of which they themselves created .
Ah , Various local fan organizations were there in a charitable capacity , and thousands of fans donned costumes , many of which they themselves created .
Indeed , Various local fan organizations were there in a charitable capacity , and thousands of fans donned costumes , many of which they themselves created .
In fact , Various local fan organizations were there in a charitable capacity , and thousands of fans donned costumes , many of which they themselves created .
Actually , Various local fan organizations were there in a charitable capacity , and thousands of fans donned costumes , many of which they themselves created .

original sen: 
Lee was making his final Canadian convention appearance , part of a larger farewell tour .
Oh , Lee was making his final Canadian convention appearance , part of a larger farewell tour .
Yup , Lee was making his final Canadian convention appearance , part of a larger farewell tour .
Um , Lee was making his final Canadian convention appearance , part of a larger farewell tour .
Ah , Lee was making his final Canadian convention appearance , part of a larger farewell tour .
Indeed , Lee was making his final Canadian convention appearance , part of a larger farewell tour .
In fact , Lee was making his final Canadian convention appearance , part of a larger farewell tour .
Actually , Lee was making his final Canadian convention appearance , part of a larger farewell tour .

original sen: 
Hamill 's schedule included a panel with Kevin Conroy , the voice of Batman in Batman : The Animated Series , in which the Star Wars lead played the Joker .
Oh , Hamill 's schedule included a panel with Kevin Conroy , the voice of Batman in Batman : The Animated Series , in which the Star Wars lead played the Joker .
Yup , Hamill 's schedule included a panel with Kevin Conroy , the voice of Batman in Batman : The Animated Series , in which the Star Wars lead played the Joker .
Um , Hamill 's schedule included a panel with Kevin Conroy , the voice of Batman in Batman : The Animated Series , in which the Star Wars lead played the Joker .
Ah , Hamill 's schedule included a panel with Kevin Conroy , the voice of Batman in Batman : The Animated Series , in which the Star Wars lead played the Joker .
Indeed , Hamill 's schedule included a panel with Kevin Conroy , the voice of Batman in Batman : The Animated Series , in which the Star Wars lead played the Joker .
In fact , Hamill 's schedule included a panel with Kevin Conroy , the voice of Batman in Batman : The Animated Series , in which the Star Wars lead played the Joker .
Actually , Hamill 's schedule included a panel with Kevin Conroy , the voice of Batman in Batman : The Animated Series , in which the Star Wars lead played the Joker .

original sen: 
From there , the demonstration took players to investigate the murder of Nightwing .
Oh , From there , the demonstration took players to investigate the murder of Nightwing .
Yup , From there , the demonstration took players to investigate the murder of Nightwing .
Um , From there , the demonstration took players to investigate the murder of Nightwing .
Ah , From there , the demonstration took players to investigate the murder of Nightwing .
Indeed , From there , the demonstration took players to investigate the murder of Nightwing .
In fact , From there , the demonstration took players to investigate the murder of Nightwing .
Actually , From there , the demonstration took players to investigate the murder of Nightwing .

original sen: 
The Northern Arena Esports Championship ran throughout the weekend , facing off teams of video gamers in a packed hall .
Oh , The Northern Arena Esports Championship ran throughout the weekend , facing off teams of video gamers in a packed hall .
Yup , The Northern Arena Esports Championship ran throughout the weekend , facing off teams of video gamers in a packed hall .
Um , The Northern Arena Esports Championship ran throughout the weekend , facing off teams of video gamers in a packed hall .
Ah , The Northern Arena Esports Championship ran throughout the weekend , facing off teams of video gamers in a packed hall .
Indeed , The Northern Arena Esports Championship ran throughout the weekend , facing off teams of video gamers in a packed hall .
In fact , The Northern Arena Esports Championship ran throughout the weekend , facing off teams of video gamers in a packed hall .
Actually , The Northern Arena Esports Championship ran throughout the weekend , facing off teams of video gamers in a packed hall .

original sen: 
The finals saw US team Cloud9 and Immortals , from Brazil , face off in Counter-Strike : Global Offensive .
Oh , The finals saw US team Cloud9 and Immortals , from Brazil , face off in Counter-Strike : Global Offensive .
Yup , The finals saw US team Cloud9 and Immortals , from Brazil , face off in Counter-Strike : Global Offensive .
Um , The finals saw US team Cloud9 and Immortals , from Brazil , face off in Counter-Strike : Global Offensive .
Ah , The finals saw US team Cloud9 and Immortals , from Brazil , face off in Counter-Strike : Global Offensive .
Indeed , The finals saw US team Cloud9 and Immortals , from Brazil , face off in Counter-Strike : Global Offensive .
In fact , The finals saw US team Cloud9 and Immortals , from Brazil , face off in Counter-Strike : Global Offensive .
Actually , The finals saw US team Cloud9 and Immortals , from Brazil , face off in Counter-Strike : Global Offensive .

original sen: 
Playstation VR demo
Oh , Playstation VR demo
Yup , Playstation VR demo
Um , Playstation VR demo
Ah , Playstation VR demo
Indeed , Playstation VR demo
In fact , Playstation VR demo
Actually , Playstation VR demo

original sen: 
Image : Nick Moreau .
Oh , Image : Nick Moreau .
Yup , Image : Nick Moreau .
Um , Image : Nick Moreau .
Ah , Image : Nick Moreau .
Indeed , Image : Nick Moreau .
In fact , Image : Nick Moreau .
Actually , Image : Nick Moreau .

original sen: 
Displays of charity at event
Oh , Displays of charity at event
Yup , Displays of charity at event
Um , Displays of charity at event
Ah , Displays of charity at event
Indeed , Displays of charity at event
In fact , Displays of charity at event
Actually , Displays of charity at event

original sen: 
The Canadian garrison of 501st Legion returned with their setup of photo-ops , with proceeds to the Make-A-Wish Foundation .
Oh , The Canadian garrison of 501st Legion returned with their setup of photo-ops , with proceeds to the Make-A-Wish Foundation .
Yup , The Canadian garrison of 501st Legion returned with their setup of photo-ops , with proceeds to the Make-A-Wish Foundation .
Um , The Canadian garrison of 501st Legion returned with their setup of photo-ops , with proceeds to the Make-A-Wish Foundation .
Ah , The Canadian garrison of 501st Legion returned with their setup of photo-ops , with proceeds to the Make-A-Wish Foundation .
Indeed , The Canadian garrison of 501st Legion returned with their setup of photo-ops , with proceeds to the Make-A-Wish Foundation .
In fact , The Canadian garrison of 501st Legion returned with their setup of photo-ops , with proceeds to the Make-A-Wish Foundation .
Actually , The Canadian garrison of 501st Legion returned with their setup of photo-ops , with proceeds to the Make-A-Wish Foundation .

original sen: 
Volunteer organization Comic Corps of Canada collects donations of comics , to distribute to children and youth in the hospital .
Oh , Volunteer organization Comic Corps of Canada collects donations of comics , to distribute to children and youth in the hospital .
Yup , Volunteer organization Comic Corps of Canada collects donations of comics , to distribute to children and youth in the hospital .
Um , Volunteer organization Comic Corps of Canada collects donations of comics , to distribute to children and youth in the hospital .
Ah , Volunteer organization Comic Corps of Canada collects donations of comics , to distribute to children and youth in the hospital .
Indeed , Volunteer organization Comic Corps of Canada collects donations of comics , to distribute to children and youth in the hospital .
In fact , Volunteer organization Comic Corps of Canada collects donations of comics , to distribute to children and youth in the hospital .
Actually , Volunteer organization Comic Corps of Canada collects donations of comics , to distribute to children and youth in the hospital .

original sen: 
Brampton Spider-Gwen and Symbiote Spidey pose at the Comic Corps booth .
Oh , Brampton Spider-Gwen and Symbiote Spidey pose at the Comic Corps booth .
Yup , Brampton Spider-Gwen and Symbiote Spidey pose at the Comic Corps booth .
Um , Brampton Spider-Gwen and Symbiote Spidey pose at the Comic Corps booth .
Ah , Brampton Spider-Gwen and Symbiote Spidey pose at the Comic Corps booth .
Indeed , Brampton Spider-Gwen and Symbiote Spidey pose at the Comic Corps booth .
In fact , Brampton Spider-Gwen and Symbiote Spidey pose at the Comic Corps booth .
Actually , Brampton Spider-Gwen and Symbiote Spidey pose at the Comic Corps booth .

original sen: 
Image : Nick Moreau .
Oh , Image : Nick Moreau .
Yup , Image : Nick Moreau .
Um , Image : Nick Moreau .
Ah , Image : Nick Moreau .
Indeed , Image : Nick Moreau .
In fact , Image : Nick Moreau .
Actually , Image : Nick Moreau .

original sen: 
A showdown at the 501st Legion booth .
Oh , A showdown at the 501st Legion booth .
Yup , A showdown at the 501st Legion booth .
Um , A showdown at the 501st Legion booth .
Ah , A showdown at the 501st Legion booth .
Indeed , A showdown at the 501st Legion booth .
In fact , A showdown at the 501st Legion booth .
Actually , A showdown at the 501st Legion booth .

original sen: 
Image : Nick Moreau .
Oh , Image : Nick Moreau .
Yup , Image : Nick Moreau .
Um , Image : Nick Moreau .
Ah , Image : Nick Moreau .
Indeed , Image : Nick Moreau .
In fact , Image : Nick Moreau .
Actually , Image : Nick Moreau .

original sen: 
Image : Nick Moreau .
Oh , Image : Nick Moreau .
Yup , Image : Nick Moreau .
Um , Image : Nick Moreau .
Ah , Image : Nick Moreau .
Indeed , Image : Nick Moreau .
In fact , Image : Nick Moreau .
Actually , Image : Nick Moreau .

original sen: 
Epic Mickey by The Katherinator .
Oh , Epic Mickey by The Katherinator .
Yup , Epic Mickey by The Katherinator .
Um , Epic Mickey by The Katherinator .
Ah , Epic Mickey by The Katherinator .
Indeed , Epic Mickey by The Katherinator .
In fact , Epic Mickey by The Katherinator .
Actually , Epic Mickey by The Katherinator .

original sen: 
Image : Nick Moreau .
Oh , Image : Nick Moreau .
Yup , Image : Nick Moreau .
Um , Image : Nick Moreau .
Ah , Image : Nick Moreau .
Indeed , Image : Nick Moreau .
In fact , Image : Nick Moreau .
Actually , Image : Nick Moreau .

original sen: 
Of the thousands , Wikinews spoke with a cosplayer going by the name " The Katherinator " .
Oh , Of the thousands , Wikinews spoke with a cosplayer going by the name " The Katherinator " .
Yup , Of the thousands , Wikinews spoke with a cosplayer going by the name " The Katherinator " .
Um , Of the thousands , Wikinews spoke with a cosplayer going by the name " The Katherinator " .
Ah , Of the thousands , Wikinews spoke with a cosplayer going by the name " The Katherinator " .
Indeed , Of the thousands , Wikinews spoke with a cosplayer going by the name " The Katherinator " .
In fact , Of the thousands , Wikinews spoke with a cosplayer going by the name " The Katherinator " .
Actually , Of the thousands , Wikinews spoke with a cosplayer going by the name " The Katherinator " .

original sen: 
Disney
Oh , Disney
Yup , Disney
Um , Disney
Ah , Disney
Indeed , Disney
In fact , Disney
Actually , Disney

original sen: 
Belle
Oh , Belle
Yup , Belle
Um , Belle
Ah , Belle
Indeed , Belle
In fact , Belle
Actually , Belle

original sen: 
Image : Nick Moreau .
Oh , Image : Nick Moreau .
Yup , Image : Nick Moreau .
Um , Image : Nick Moreau .
Ah , Image : Nick Moreau .
Indeed , Image : Nick Moreau .
In fact , Image : Nick Moreau .
Actually , Image : Nick Moreau .

original sen: 
Superheroes
Oh , Superheroes
Yup , Superheroes
Um , Superheroes
Ah , Superheroes
Indeed , Superheroes
In fact , Superheroes
Actually , Superheroes

original sen: 
Black Widow and Captain America
Oh , Black Widow and Captain America
Yup , Black Widow and Captain America
Um , Black Widow and Captain America
Ah , Black Widow and Captain America
Indeed , Black Widow and Captain America
In fact , Black Widow and Captain America
Actually , Black Widow and Captain America

original sen: 
Image : Nick Moreau .
Oh , Image : Nick Moreau .
Yup , Image : Nick Moreau .
Um , Image : Nick Moreau .
Ah , Image : Nick Moreau .
Indeed , Image : Nick Moreau .
In fact , Image : Nick Moreau .
Actually , Image : Nick Moreau .

original sen: 
Anime
Oh , Anime
Yup , Anime
Um , Anime
Ah , Anime
Indeed , Anime
In fact , Anime
Actually , Anime

original sen: 
Image : Nick Moreau .
Oh , Image : Nick Moreau .
Yup , Image : Nick Moreau .
Um , Image : Nick Moreau .
Ah , Image : Nick Moreau .
Indeed , Image : Nick Moreau .
In fact , Image : Nick Moreau .
Actually , Image : Nick Moreau .

original sen: 
Video games , movies , and more
Oh , Video games , movies , and more
Yup , Video games , movies , and more
Um , Video games , movies , and more
Ah , Video games , movies , and more
Indeed , Video games , movies , and more
In fact , Video games , movies , and more
Actually , Video games , movies , and more

original sen: 
Image : Nick Moreau .
Oh , Image : Nick Moreau .
Yup , Image : Nick Moreau .
Um , Image : Nick Moreau .
Ah , Image : Nick Moreau .
Indeed , Image : Nick Moreau .
In fact , Image : Nick Moreau .
Actually , Image : Nick Moreau .

original sen: 
Image : Nick Moreau .
Oh , Image : Nick Moreau .
Yup , Image : Nick Moreau .
Um , Image : Nick Moreau .
Ah , Image : Nick Moreau .
Indeed , Image : Nick Moreau .
In fact , Image : Nick Moreau .
Actually , Image : Nick Moreau .

original sen: 
Wednesday , April 13 , 2011
Oh , Wednesday , April 13 , 2011
Yup , Wednesday , April 13 , 2011
Um , Wednesday , April 13 , 2011
Ah , Wednesday , April 13 , 2011
Indeed , Wednesday , April 13 , 2011
In fact , Wednesday , April 13 , 2011
Actually , Wednesday , April 13 , 2011

original sen: 
Image : NASA Bill Ingalls .
Oh , Image : NASA Bill Ingalls .
Yup , Image : NASA Bill Ingalls .
Um , Image : NASA Bill Ingalls .
Ah , Image : NASA Bill Ingalls .
Indeed , Image : NASA Bill Ingalls .
In fact , Image : NASA Bill Ingalls .
Actually , Image : NASA Bill Ingalls .

original sen: 
NASA celebrated the launch of the first space shuttle Tuesday at an event at the Kennedy Space Center ( KSC ) in Cape Canaveral , Florida .
Oh , NASA celebrated the launch of the first space shuttle Tuesday at an event at the Kennedy Space Center ( KSC ) in Cape Canaveral , Florida .
Yup , NASA celebrated the launch of the first space shuttle Tuesday at an event at the Kennedy Space Center ( KSC ) in Cape Canaveral , Florida .
Um , NASA celebrated the launch of the first space shuttle Tuesday at an event at the Kennedy Space Center ( KSC ) in Cape Canaveral , Florida .
Ah , NASA celebrated the launch of the first space shuttle Tuesday at an event at the Kennedy Space Center ( KSC ) in Cape Canaveral , Florida .
Indeed , NASA celebrated the launch of the first space shuttle Tuesday at an event at the Kennedy Space Center ( KSC ) in Cape Canaveral , Florida .
In fact , NASA celebrated the launch of the first space shuttle Tuesday at an event at the Kennedy Space Center ( KSC ) in Cape Canaveral , Florida .
Actually , NASA celebrated the launch of the first space shuttle Tuesday at an event at the Kennedy Space Center ( KSC ) in Cape Canaveral , Florida .

original sen: 
On April 12 , 1981 , Space Shuttle Columbia lifted off from the Kennedy Space Center on STS-1 , the first space shuttle mission .
Oh , On April 12 , 1981 , Space Shuttle Columbia lifted off from the Kennedy Space Center on STS-1 , the first space shuttle mission .
Yup , On April 12 , 1981 , Space Shuttle Columbia lifted off from the Kennedy Space Center on STS-1 , the first space shuttle mission .
Um , On April 12 , 1981 , Space Shuttle Columbia lifted off from the Kennedy Space Center on STS-1 , the first space shuttle mission .
Ah , On April 12 , 1981 , Space Shuttle Columbia lifted off from the Kennedy Space Center on STS-1 , the first space shuttle mission .
Indeed , On April 12 , 1981 , Space Shuttle Columbia lifted off from the Kennedy Space Center on STS-1 , the first space shuttle mission .
In fact , On April 12 , 1981 , Space Shuttle Columbia lifted off from the Kennedy Space Center on STS-1 , the first space shuttle mission .
Actually , On April 12 , 1981 , Space Shuttle Columbia lifted off from the Kennedy Space Center on STS-1 , the first space shuttle mission .

original sen: 
The prototype orbiter , Space Shuttle Enterprise would be relocated from the Smithsonian 's National Air and Space Museum Steven F. Udvar-Hazy Center at Washington Dulles International Airport to the Intrepid Sea-Air-Space Museum in New York City .
Oh , The prototype orbiter , Space Shuttle Enterprise would be relocated from the Smithsonian 's National Air and Space Museum Steven F. Udvar-Hazy Center at Washington Dulles International Airport to the Intrepid Sea-Air-Space Museum in New York City .
Yup , The prototype orbiter , Space Shuttle Enterprise would be relocated from the Smithsonian 's National Air and Space Museum Steven F. Udvar-Hazy Center at Washington Dulles International Airport to the Intrepid Sea-Air-Space Museum in New York City .
Um , The prototype orbiter , Space Shuttle Enterprise would be relocated from the Smithsonian 's National Air and Space Museum Steven F. Udvar-Hazy Center at Washington Dulles International Airport to the Intrepid Sea-Air-Space Museum in New York City .
Ah , The prototype orbiter , Space Shuttle Enterprise would be relocated from the Smithsonian 's National Air and Space Museum Steven F. Udvar-Hazy Center at Washington Dulles International Airport to the Intrepid Sea-Air-Space Museum in New York City .
Indeed , The prototype orbiter , Space Shuttle Enterprise would be relocated from the Smithsonian 's National Air and Space Museum Steven F. Udvar-Hazy Center at Washington Dulles International Airport to the Intrepid Sea-Air-Space Museum in New York City .
In fact , The prototype orbiter , Space Shuttle Enterprise would be relocated from the Smithsonian 's National Air and Space Museum Steven F. Udvar-Hazy Center at Washington Dulles International Airport to the Intrepid Sea-Air-Space Museum in New York City .
Actually , The prototype orbiter , Space Shuttle Enterprise would be relocated from the Smithsonian 's National Air and Space Museum Steven F. Udvar-Hazy Center at Washington Dulles International Airport to the Intrepid Sea-Air-Space Museum in New York City .

original sen: 
Discovery has already been retired following the completion of STS-133 last month , its 39th mission .
Oh , Discovery has already been retired following the completion of STS-133 last month , its 39th mission .
Yup , Discovery has already been retired following the completion of STS-133 last month , its 39th mission .
Um , Discovery has already been retired following the completion of STS-133 last month , its 39th mission .
Ah , Discovery has already been retired following the completion of STS-133 last month , its 39th mission .
Indeed , Discovery has already been retired following the completion of STS-133 last month , its 39th mission .
In fact , Discovery has already been retired following the completion of STS-133 last month , its 39th mission .
Actually , Discovery has already been retired following the completion of STS-133 last month , its 39th mission .

original sen: 
Discovery is undergoing decommissioning and currently being prepped for display by removing toxic materials from the orbiter .
Oh , Discovery is undergoing decommissioning and currently being prepped for display by removing toxic materials from the orbiter .
Yup , Discovery is undergoing decommissioning and currently being prepped for display by removing toxic materials from the orbiter .
Um , Discovery is undergoing decommissioning and currently being prepped for display by removing toxic materials from the orbiter .
Ah , Discovery is undergoing decommissioning and currently being prepped for display by removing toxic materials from the orbiter .
Indeed , Discovery is undergoing decommissioning and currently being prepped for display by removing toxic materials from the orbiter .
In fact , Discovery is undergoing decommissioning and currently being prepped for display by removing toxic materials from the orbiter .
Actually , Discovery is undergoing decommissioning and currently being prepped for display by removing toxic materials from the orbiter .

original sen: 
Image : NASA .
Oh , Image : NASA .
Yup , Image : NASA .
Um , Image : NASA .
Ah , Image : NASA .
Indeed , Image : NASA .
In fact , Image : NASA .
Actually , Image : NASA .

original sen: 
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch on STS-134 at the end of the month on April 29 , will be sent to the California Science Center in Los Angeles , California following its retirement .
Oh , Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch on STS-134 at the end of the month on April 29 , will be sent to the California Science Center in Los Angeles , California following its retirement .
Yup , Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch on STS-134 at the end of the month on April 29 , will be sent to the California Science Center in Los Angeles , California following its retirement .
Um , Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch on STS-134 at the end of the month on April 29 , will be sent to the California Science Center in Los Angeles , California following its retirement .
Ah , Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch on STS-134 at the end of the month on April 29 , will be sent to the California Science Center in Los Angeles , California following its retirement .
Indeed , Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch on STS-134 at the end of the month on April 29 , will be sent to the California Science Center in Los Angeles , California following its retirement .
In fact , Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch on STS-134 at the end of the month on April 29 , will be sent to the California Science Center in Los Angeles , California following its retirement .
Actually , Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch on STS-134 at the end of the month on April 29 , will be sent to the California Science Center in Los Angeles , California following its retirement .

original sen: 
Finally , Atlantis will go on display at the Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex following the orbiter 's last flight which launches June 28 .
Oh , Finally , Atlantis will go on display at the Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex following the orbiter 's last flight which launches June 28 .
Yup , Finally , Atlantis will go on display at the Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex following the orbiter 's last flight which launches June 28 .
Um , Finally , Atlantis will go on display at the Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex following the orbiter 's last flight which launches June 28 .
Ah , Finally , Atlantis will go on display at the Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex following the orbiter 's last flight which launches June 28 .
Indeed , Finally , Atlantis will go on display at the Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex following the orbiter 's last flight which launches June 28 .
In fact , Finally , Atlantis will go on display at the Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex following the orbiter 's last flight which launches June 28 .
Actually , Finally , Atlantis will go on display at the Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex following the orbiter 's last flight which launches June 28 .

original sen: 
" This was a very difficult decision , but one that was made with the American public in mind .
Oh , " This was a very difficult decision , but one that was made with the American public in mind .
Yup , " This was a very difficult decision , but one that was made with the American public in mind .
Um , " This was a very difficult decision , but one that was made with the American public in mind .
Ah , " This was a very difficult decision , but one that was made with the American public in mind .
Indeed , " This was a very difficult decision , but one that was made with the American public in mind .
In fact , " This was a very difficult decision , but one that was made with the American public in mind .
Actually , " This was a very difficult decision , but one that was made with the American public in mind .

original sen: 
These facilities we 've chosen have a noteworthy legacy of preserving space artifacts and providing outstanding access to U.S. and international visitors . "
Oh , These facilities we 've chosen have a noteworthy legacy of preserving space artifacts and providing outstanding access to U.S. and international visitors . "
Yup , These facilities we 've chosen have a noteworthy legacy of preserving space artifacts and providing outstanding access to U.S. and international visitors . "
Um , These facilities we 've chosen have a noteworthy legacy of preserving space artifacts and providing outstanding access to U.S. and international visitors . "
Ah , These facilities we 've chosen have a noteworthy legacy of preserving space artifacts and providing outstanding access to U.S. and international visitors . "
Indeed , These facilities we 've chosen have a noteworthy legacy of preserving space artifacts and providing outstanding access to U.S. and international visitors . "
In fact , These facilities we 've chosen have a noteworthy legacy of preserving space artifacts and providing outstanding access to U.S. and international visitors . "
Actually , These facilities we 've chosen have a noteworthy legacy of preserving space artifacts and providing outstanding access to U.S. and international visitors . "

original sen: 
This was a very difficult decision , but one that was made with the American public in mind .
Oh , This was a very difficult decision , but one that was made with the American public in mind .
Yup , This was a very difficult decision , but one that was made with the American public in mind .
Um , This was a very difficult decision , but one that was made with the American public in mind .
Ah , This was a very difficult decision , but one that was made with the American public in mind .
Indeed , This was a very difficult decision , but one that was made with the American public in mind .
In fact , This was a very difficult decision , but one that was made with the American public in mind .
Actually , This was a very difficult decision , but one that was made with the American public in mind .

original sen: 
File image of Space Shuttle Atlantis lifting off , which approaches its last mission before retirement .
Oh , File image of Space Shuttle Atlantis lifting off , which approaches its last mission before retirement .
Yup , File image of Space Shuttle Atlantis lifting off , which approaches its last mission before retirement .
Um , File image of Space Shuttle Atlantis lifting off , which approaches its last mission before retirement .
Ah , File image of Space Shuttle Atlantis lifting off , which approaches its last mission before retirement .
Indeed , File image of Space Shuttle Atlantis lifting off , which approaches its last mission before retirement .
In fact , File image of Space Shuttle Atlantis lifting off , which approaches its last mission before retirement .
Actually , File image of Space Shuttle Atlantis lifting off , which approaches its last mission before retirement .

original sen: 
Image : NASA .
Oh , Image : NASA .
Yup , Image : NASA .
Um , Image : NASA .
Ah , Image : NASA .
Indeed , Image : NASA .
In fact , Image : NASA .
Actually , Image : NASA .

original sen: 
U.S. Senator John Cornyn , Republican from Texas , issued a statement regarding the rejection of Johnson Space Center ( JSC ) in Houston , Texas as a location .
Oh , U.S. Senator John Cornyn , Republican from Texas , issued a statement regarding the rejection of Johnson Space Center ( JSC ) in Houston , Texas as a location .
Yup , U.S. Senator John Cornyn , Republican from Texas , issued a statement regarding the rejection of Johnson Space Center ( JSC ) in Houston , Texas as a location .
Um , U.S. Senator John Cornyn , Republican from Texas , issued a statement regarding the rejection of Johnson Space Center ( JSC ) in Houston , Texas as a location .
Ah , U.S. Senator John Cornyn , Republican from Texas , issued a statement regarding the rejection of Johnson Space Center ( JSC ) in Houston , Texas as a location .
Indeed , U.S. Senator John Cornyn , Republican from Texas , issued a statement regarding the rejection of Johnson Space Center ( JSC ) in Houston , Texas as a location .
In fact , U.S. Senator John Cornyn , Republican from Texas , issued a statement regarding the rejection of Johnson Space Center ( JSC ) in Houston , Texas as a location .
Actually , U.S. Senator John Cornyn , Republican from Texas , issued a statement regarding the rejection of Johnson Space Center ( JSC ) in Houston , Texas as a location .

original sen: 
Houston has played a critical role throughout the life of the space shuttle , but it is clear political favors trumped common sense and fairness in the selection of the final locations for the orbiter fleet . "
Oh , Houston has played a critical role throughout the life of the space shuttle , but it is clear political favors trumped common sense and fairness in the selection of the final locations for the orbiter fleet . "
Yup , Houston has played a critical role throughout the life of the space shuttle , but it is clear political favors trumped common sense and fairness in the selection of the final locations for the orbiter fleet . "
Um , Houston has played a critical role throughout the life of the space shuttle , but it is clear political favors trumped common sense and fairness in the selection of the final locations for the orbiter fleet . "
Ah , Houston has played a critical role throughout the life of the space shuttle , but it is clear political favors trumped common sense and fairness in the selection of the final locations for the orbiter fleet . "
Indeed , Houston has played a critical role throughout the life of the space shuttle , but it is clear political favors trumped common sense and fairness in the selection of the final locations for the orbiter fleet . "
In fact , Houston has played a critical role throughout the life of the space shuttle , but it is clear political favors trumped common sense and fairness in the selection of the final locations for the orbiter fleet . "
Actually , Houston has played a critical role throughout the life of the space shuttle , but it is clear political favors trumped common sense and fairness in the selection of the final locations for the orbiter fleet . "

original sen: 
Cornyn 's statement added , " There is no question Houston should have been selected as a final home for one of the orbiters — even Administrator Bolden stated as much .
Oh , Cornyn 's statement added , " There is no question Houston should have been selected as a final home for one of the orbiters — even Administrator Bolden stated as much .
Yup , Cornyn 's statement added , " There is no question Houston should have been selected as a final home for one of the orbiters — even Administrator Bolden stated as much .
Um , Cornyn 's statement added , " There is no question Houston should have been selected as a final home for one of the orbiters — even Administrator Bolden stated as much .
Ah , Cornyn 's statement added , " There is no question Houston should have been selected as a final home for one of the orbiters — even Administrator Bolden stated as much .
Indeed , Cornyn 's statement added , " There is no question Houston should have been selected as a final home for one of the orbiters — even Administrator Bolden stated as much .
In fact , Cornyn 's statement added , " There is no question Houston should have been selected as a final home for one of the orbiters — even Administrator Bolden stated as much .
Actually , Cornyn 's statement added , " There is no question Houston should have been selected as a final home for one of the orbiters — even Administrator Bolden stated as much .

original sen: 
However , the JSC will recieve pilot and commander seats from the flight deck .
Oh , However , the JSC will recieve pilot and commander seats from the flight deck .
Yup , However , the JSC will recieve pilot and commander seats from the flight deck .
Um , However , the JSC will recieve pilot and commander seats from the flight deck .
Ah , However , the JSC will recieve pilot and commander seats from the flight deck .
Indeed , However , the JSC will recieve pilot and commander seats from the flight deck .
In fact , However , the JSC will recieve pilot and commander seats from the flight deck .
Actually , However , the JSC will recieve pilot and commander seats from the flight deck .

original sen: 
In 2008 , Endeavour and Atlantis await a journey on their respective launchpads .
Oh , In 2008 , Endeavour and Atlantis await a journey on their respective launchpads .
Yup , In 2008 , Endeavour and Atlantis await a journey on their respective launchpads .
Um , In 2008 , Endeavour and Atlantis await a journey on their respective launchpads .
Ah , In 2008 , Endeavour and Atlantis await a journey on their respective launchpads .
Indeed , In 2008 , Endeavour and Atlantis await a journey on their respective launchpads .
In fact , In 2008 , Endeavour and Atlantis await a journey on their respective launchpads .
Actually , In 2008 , Endeavour and Atlantis await a journey on their respective launchpads .

original sen: 
Image : NASA .
Oh , Image : NASA .
Yup , Image : NASA .
Um , Image : NASA .
Ah , Image : NASA .
Indeed , Image : NASA .
In fact , Image : NASA .
Actually , Image : NASA .

original sen: 
The largest of the trainers , this addition will allow visitors to actually climb aboard the trainer and experience the hands-on training that astronauts get .
Oh , The largest of the trainers , this addition will allow visitors to actually climb aboard the trainer and experience the hands-on training that astronauts get .
Yup , The largest of the trainers , this addition will allow visitors to actually climb aboard the trainer and experience the hands-on training that astronauts get .
Um , The largest of the trainers , this addition will allow visitors to actually climb aboard the trainer and experience the hands-on training that astronauts get .
Ah , The largest of the trainers , this addition will allow visitors to actually climb aboard the trainer and experience the hands-on training that astronauts get .
Indeed , The largest of the trainers , this addition will allow visitors to actually climb aboard the trainer and experience the hands-on training that astronauts get .
In fact , The largest of the trainers , this addition will allow visitors to actually climb aboard the trainer and experience the hands-on training that astronauts get .
Actually , The largest of the trainers , this addition will allow visitors to actually climb aboard the trainer and experience the hands-on training that astronauts get .

original sen: 
Visitors will not be allowed in the other shuttles and this trainer is a true win for our dynamic museum .
Oh , Visitors will not be allowed in the other shuttles and this trainer is a true win for our dynamic museum .
Yup , Visitors will not be allowed in the other shuttles and this trainer is a true win for our dynamic museum .
Um , Visitors will not be allowed in the other shuttles and this trainer is a true win for our dynamic museum .
Ah , Visitors will not be allowed in the other shuttles and this trainer is a true win for our dynamic museum .
Indeed , Visitors will not be allowed in the other shuttles and this trainer is a true win for our dynamic museum .
In fact , Visitors will not be allowed in the other shuttles and this trainer is a true win for our dynamic museum .
Actually , Visitors will not be allowed in the other shuttles and this trainer is a true win for our dynamic museum .

original sen: 
It will help inspire young people to the adventure of space and to the excitement of a career in science , technology , engineering and math . "
Oh , It will help inspire young people to the adventure of space and to the excitement of a career in science , technology , engineering and math . "
Yup , It will help inspire young people to the adventure of space and to the excitement of a career in science , technology , engineering and math . "
Um , It will help inspire young people to the adventure of space and to the excitement of a career in science , technology , engineering and math . "
Ah , It will help inspire young people to the adventure of space and to the excitement of a career in science , technology , engineering and math . "
Indeed , It will help inspire young people to the adventure of space and to the excitement of a career in science , technology , engineering and math . "
In fact , It will help inspire young people to the adventure of space and to the excitement of a career in science , technology , engineering and math . "
Actually , It will help inspire young people to the adventure of space and to the excitement of a career in science , technology , engineering and math . "

original sen: 
John Cornyn , U.S. Senator ( R-Texas )
Oh , John Cornyn , U.S. Senator ( R-Texas )
Yup , John Cornyn , U.S. Senator ( R-Texas )
Um , John Cornyn , U.S. Senator ( R-Texas )
Ah , John Cornyn , U.S. Senator ( R-Texas )
Indeed , John Cornyn , U.S. Senator ( R-Texas )
In fact , John Cornyn , U.S. Senator ( R-Texas )
Actually , John Cornyn , U.S. Senator ( R-Texas )

original sen: 
Other items include various shuttle simulators which will be given to the Adler Planetarium in Chicago , Illinois , the Evergreen Aviation & Space Museum of McMinnville , Oregon , and Texas A&M 's Aerospace Engineering Department .
Oh , Other items include various shuttle simulators which will be given to the Adler Planetarium in Chicago , Illinois , the Evergreen Aviation & Space Museum of McMinnville , Oregon , and Texas A&M 's Aerospace Engineering Department .
Yup , Other items include various shuttle simulators which will be given to the Adler Planetarium in Chicago , Illinois , the Evergreen Aviation & Space Museum of McMinnville , Oregon , and Texas A&M 's Aerospace Engineering Department .
Um , Other items include various shuttle simulators which will be given to the Adler Planetarium in Chicago , Illinois , the Evergreen Aviation & Space Museum of McMinnville , Oregon , and Texas A&M 's Aerospace Engineering Department .
Ah , Other items include various shuttle simulators which will be given to the Adler Planetarium in Chicago , Illinois , the Evergreen Aviation & Space Museum of McMinnville , Oregon , and Texas A&M 's Aerospace Engineering Department .
Indeed , Other items include various shuttle simulators which will be given to the Adler Planetarium in Chicago , Illinois , the Evergreen Aviation & Space Museum of McMinnville , Oregon , and Texas A&M 's Aerospace Engineering Department .
In fact , Other items include various shuttle simulators which will be given to the Adler Planetarium in Chicago , Illinois , the Evergreen Aviation & Space Museum of McMinnville , Oregon , and Texas A&M 's Aerospace Engineering Department .
Actually , Other items include various shuttle simulators which will be given to the Adler Planetarium in Chicago , Illinois , the Evergreen Aviation & Space Museum of McMinnville , Oregon , and Texas A&M 's Aerospace Engineering Department .

original sen: 
The nose cap assembly and crew compartment trainer for the National Museum of the U.S. Air Force at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio and orbital maneuvering system engines for the U.S. Space and Rocket Center in Huntsville , Alabama , the National Air and Space Museum , and the Evergreen Aviation & Space Museum .
Oh , The nose cap assembly and crew compartment trainer for the National Museum of the U.S. Air Force at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio and orbital maneuvering system engines for the U.S. Space and Rocket Center in Huntsville , Alabama , the National Air and Space Museum , and the Evergreen Aviation & Space Museum .
Yup , The nose cap assembly and crew compartment trainer for the National Museum of the U.S. Air Force at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio and orbital maneuvering system engines for the U.S. Space and Rocket Center in Huntsville , Alabama , the National Air and Space Museum , and the Evergreen Aviation & Space Museum .
Um , The nose cap assembly and crew compartment trainer for the National Museum of the U.S. Air Force at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio and orbital maneuvering system engines for the U.S. Space and Rocket Center in Huntsville , Alabama , the National Air and Space Museum , and the Evergreen Aviation & Space Museum .
Ah , The nose cap assembly and crew compartment trainer for the National Museum of the U.S. Air Force at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio and orbital maneuvering system engines for the U.S. Space and Rocket Center in Huntsville , Alabama , the National Air and Space Museum , and the Evergreen Aviation & Space Museum .
Indeed , The nose cap assembly and crew compartment trainer for the National Museum of the U.S. Air Force at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio and orbital maneuvering system engines for the U.S. Space and Rocket Center in Huntsville , Alabama , the National Air and Space Museum , and the Evergreen Aviation & Space Museum .
In fact , The nose cap assembly and crew compartment trainer for the National Museum of the U.S. Air Force at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio and orbital maneuvering system engines for the U.S. Space and Rocket Center in Huntsville , Alabama , the National Air and Space Museum , and the Evergreen Aviation & Space Museum .
Actually , The nose cap assembly and crew compartment trainer for the National Museum of the U.S. Air Force at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio and orbital maneuvering system engines for the U.S. Space and Rocket Center in Huntsville , Alabama , the National Air and Space Museum , and the Evergreen Aviation & Space Museum .

original sen: 
NASA is also offering shuttle heat shield tiles to schools and universities that want to share technology and a piece of space history with their students .
Oh , NASA is also offering shuttle heat shield tiles to schools and universities that want to share technology and a piece of space history with their students .
Yup , NASA is also offering shuttle heat shield tiles to schools and universities that want to share technology and a piece of space history with their students .
Um , NASA is also offering shuttle heat shield tiles to schools and universities that want to share technology and a piece of space history with their students .
Ah , NASA is also offering shuttle heat shield tiles to schools and universities that want to share technology and a piece of space history with their students .
Indeed , NASA is also offering shuttle heat shield tiles to schools and universities that want to share technology and a piece of space history with their students .
In fact , NASA is also offering shuttle heat shield tiles to schools and universities that want to share technology and a piece of space history with their students .
Actually , NASA is also offering shuttle heat shield tiles to schools and universities that want to share technology and a piece of space history with their students .

original sen: 
The 30th anniversary of the first shuttle mission coincided with the 50th anniversary of the first manned space flight when Yuri Gagarin lifted off aboard Vostok 1 into space .
Oh , The 30th anniversary of the first shuttle mission coincided with the 50th anniversary of the first manned space flight when Yuri Gagarin lifted off aboard Vostok 1 into space .
Yup , The 30th anniversary of the first shuttle mission coincided with the 50th anniversary of the first manned space flight when Yuri Gagarin lifted off aboard Vostok 1 into space .
Um , The 30th anniversary of the first shuttle mission coincided with the 50th anniversary of the first manned space flight when Yuri Gagarin lifted off aboard Vostok 1 into space .
Ah , The 30th anniversary of the first shuttle mission coincided with the 50th anniversary of the first manned space flight when Yuri Gagarin lifted off aboard Vostok 1 into space .
Indeed , The 30th anniversary of the first shuttle mission coincided with the 50th anniversary of the first manned space flight when Yuri Gagarin lifted off aboard Vostok 1 into space .
In fact , The 30th anniversary of the first shuttle mission coincided with the 50th anniversary of the first manned space flight when Yuri Gagarin lifted off aboard Vostok 1 into space .
Actually , The 30th anniversary of the first shuttle mission coincided with the 50th anniversary of the first manned space flight when Yuri Gagarin lifted off aboard Vostok 1 into space .

original sen: 
Sensitive Canadian document found on rainy streets
Oh , Sensitive Canadian document found on rainy streets
Yup , Sensitive Canadian document found on rainy streets
Um , Sensitive Canadian document found on rainy streets
Ah , Sensitive Canadian document found on rainy streets
Indeed , Sensitive Canadian document found on rainy streets
In fact , Sensitive Canadian document found on rainy streets
Actually , Sensitive Canadian document found on rainy streets

original sen: 
Friday , August 15 , 2008
Oh , Friday , August 15 , 2008
Yup , Friday , August 15 , 2008
Um , Friday , August 15 , 2008
Ah , Friday , August 15 , 2008
Indeed , Friday , August 15 , 2008
In fact , Friday , August 15 , 2008
Actually , Friday , August 15 , 2008

original sen: 
The database was unveiled in 1999 as the National Enforcement Management Information System and Intelligence System .
Oh , The database was unveiled in 1999 as the National Enforcement Management Information System and Intelligence System .
Yup , The database was unveiled in 1999 as the National Enforcement Management Information System and Intelligence System .
Um , The database was unveiled in 1999 as the National Enforcement Management Information System and Intelligence System .
Ah , The database was unveiled in 1999 as the National Enforcement Management Information System and Intelligence System .
Indeed , The database was unveiled in 1999 as the National Enforcement Management Information System and Intelligence System .
In fact , The database was unveiled in 1999 as the National Enforcement Management Information System and Intelligence System .
Actually , The database was unveiled in 1999 as the National Enforcement Management Information System and Intelligence System .

original sen: 
" I 'm told two things : that it 's neither classified nor secret and that it 's stuff that could be available under access to information , " Baird said .
Oh , " I 'm told two things : that it 's neither classified nor secret and that it 's stuff that could be available under access to information , " Baird said .
Yup , " I 'm told two things : that it 's neither classified nor secret and that it 's stuff that could be available under access to information , " Baird said .
Um , " I 'm told two things : that it 's neither classified nor secret and that it 's stuff that could be available under access to information , " Baird said .
Ah , " I 'm told two things : that it 's neither classified nor secret and that it 's stuff that could be available under access to information , " Baird said .
Indeed , " I 'm told two things : that it 's neither classified nor secret and that it 's stuff that could be available under access to information , " Baird said .
In fact , " I 'm told two things : that it 's neither classified nor secret and that it 's stuff that could be available under access to information , " Baird said .
Actually , " I 'm told two things : that it 's neither classified nor secret and that it 's stuff that could be available under access to information , " Baird said .

original sen: 
Dewar says that bureaucrats of the Conservative government have complained to him about document security to the point that they ca n`t share the information with their own colleagues .
Oh , Dewar says that bureaucrats of the Conservative government have complained to him about document security to the point that they ca n`t share the information with their own colleagues .
Yup , Dewar says that bureaucrats of the Conservative government have complained to him about document security to the point that they ca n`t share the information with their own colleagues .
Um , Dewar says that bureaucrats of the Conservative government have complained to him about document security to the point that they ca n`t share the information with their own colleagues .
Ah , Dewar says that bureaucrats of the Conservative government have complained to him about document security to the point that they ca n`t share the information with their own colleagues .
Indeed , Dewar says that bureaucrats of the Conservative government have complained to him about document security to the point that they ca n`t share the information with their own colleagues .
In fact , Dewar says that bureaucrats of the Conservative government have complained to him about document security to the point that they ca n`t share the information with their own colleagues .
Actually , Dewar says that bureaucrats of the Conservative government have complained to him about document security to the point that they ca n`t share the information with their own colleagues .

original sen: 
However , when a government document has been found on the streets , the government then says it was n't particularly sensitive .
Oh , However , when a government document has been found on the streets , the government then says it was n't particularly sensitive .
Yup , However , when a government document has been found on the streets , the government then says it was n't particularly sensitive .
Um , However , when a government document has been found on the streets , the government then says it was n't particularly sensitive .
Ah , However , when a government document has been found on the streets , the government then says it was n't particularly sensitive .
Indeed , However , when a government document has been found on the streets , the government then says it was n't particularly sensitive .
In fact , However , when a government document has been found on the streets , the government then says it was n't particularly sensitive .
Actually , However , when a government document has been found on the streets , the government then says it was n't particularly sensitive .

original sen: 
In March , a bundle of blueprints for a new headquarters for the military 's counterterrorism unit were found stuffed in the trash on a downtown street .
Oh , In March , a bundle of blueprints for a new headquarters for the military 's counterterrorism unit were found stuffed in the trash on a downtown street .
Yup , In March , a bundle of blueprints for a new headquarters for the military 's counterterrorism unit were found stuffed in the trash on a downtown street .
Um , In March , a bundle of blueprints for a new headquarters for the military 's counterterrorism unit were found stuffed in the trash on a downtown street .
Ah , In March , a bundle of blueprints for a new headquarters for the military 's counterterrorism unit were found stuffed in the trash on a downtown street .
Indeed , In March , a bundle of blueprints for a new headquarters for the military 's counterterrorism unit were found stuffed in the trash on a downtown street .
In fact , In March , a bundle of blueprints for a new headquarters for the military 's counterterrorism unit were found stuffed in the trash on a downtown street .
Actually , In March , a bundle of blueprints for a new headquarters for the military 's counterterrorism unit were found stuffed in the trash on a downtown street .

original sen: 
In May , Maxime Bernier was forced to resign as Foreign Affairs minister after it became known that he left sensitive documents at the apartment of his then-girlfriend Julie Couillard who had ties to the Hells Angels biker gang .
Oh , In May , Maxime Bernier was forced to resign as Foreign Affairs minister after it became known that he left sensitive documents at the apartment of his then-girlfriend Julie Couillard who had ties to the Hells Angels biker gang .
Yup , In May , Maxime Bernier was forced to resign as Foreign Affairs minister after it became known that he left sensitive documents at the apartment of his then-girlfriend Julie Couillard who had ties to the Hells Angels biker gang .
Um , In May , Maxime Bernier was forced to resign as Foreign Affairs minister after it became known that he left sensitive documents at the apartment of his then-girlfriend Julie Couillard who had ties to the Hells Angels biker gang .
Ah , In May , Maxime Bernier was forced to resign as Foreign Affairs minister after it became known that he left sensitive documents at the apartment of his then-girlfriend Julie Couillard who had ties to the Hells Angels biker gang .
Indeed , In May , Maxime Bernier was forced to resign as Foreign Affairs minister after it became known that he left sensitive documents at the apartment of his then-girlfriend Julie Couillard who had ties to the Hells Angels biker gang .
In fact , In May , Maxime Bernier was forced to resign as Foreign Affairs minister after it became known that he left sensitive documents at the apartment of his then-girlfriend Julie Couillard who had ties to the Hells Angels biker gang .
Actually , In May , Maxime Bernier was forced to resign as Foreign Affairs minister after it became known that he left sensitive documents at the apartment of his then-girlfriend Julie Couillard who had ties to the Hells Angels biker gang .

original sen: 
Sources
Oh , Sources
Yup , Sources
Um , Sources
Ah , Sources
Indeed , Sources
In fact , Sources
Actually , Sources

original sen: 
" Sensitive government document found on rainy Ottawa street " — CBC.ca , August 15 , 2008
Oh , " Sensitive government document found on rainy Ottawa street " — CBC.ca , August 15 , 2008
Yup , " Sensitive government document found on rainy Ottawa street " — CBC.ca , August 15 , 2008
Um , " Sensitive government document found on rainy Ottawa street " — CBC.ca , August 15 , 2008
Ah , " Sensitive government document found on rainy Ottawa street " — CBC.ca , August 15 , 2008
Indeed , " Sensitive government document found on rainy Ottawa street " — CBC.ca , August 15 , 2008
In fact , " Sensitive government document found on rainy Ottawa street " — CBC.ca , August 15 , 2008
Actually , " Sensitive government document found on rainy Ottawa street " — CBC.ca , August 15 , 2008

original sen: 
" Document found on street not secret , say feds " — The Canadian Press , August 15 , 2008
Oh , " Document found on street not secret , say feds " — The Canadian Press , August 15 , 2008
Yup , " Document found on street not secret , say feds " — The Canadian Press , August 15 , 2008
Um , " Document found on street not secret , say feds " — The Canadian Press , August 15 , 2008
Ah , " Document found on street not secret , say feds " — The Canadian Press , August 15 , 2008
Indeed , " Document found on street not secret , say feds " — The Canadian Press , August 15 , 2008
In fact , " Document found on street not secret , say feds " — The Canadian Press , August 15 , 2008
Actually , " Document found on street not secret , say feds " — The Canadian Press , August 15 , 2008

original sen: 
Peter Zimonjic .
Oh , Peter Zimonjic .
Yup , Peter Zimonjic .
Um , Peter Zimonjic .
Ah , Peter Zimonjic .
Indeed , Peter Zimonjic .
In fact , Peter Zimonjic .
Actually , Peter Zimonjic .

original sen: 
Categories :
Oh , Categories :
Yup , Categories :
Um , Categories :
Ah , Categories :
Indeed , Categories :
In fact , Categories :
Actually , Categories :

original sen: 
August 15 , 2008
Oh , August 15 , 2008
Yup , August 15 , 2008
Um , August 15 , 2008
Ah , August 15 , 2008
Indeed , August 15 , 2008
In fact , August 15 , 2008
Actually , August 15 , 2008

original sen: 
Canada
Oh , Canada
Yup , Canada
Um , Canada
Ah , Canada
Indeed , Canada
In fact , Canada
Actually , Canada

original sen: 
Published
Oh , Published
Yup , Published
Um , Published
Ah , Published
Indeed , Published
In fact , Published
Actually , Published

original sen: 
North America
Oh , North America
Yup , North America
Um , North America
Ah , North America
Indeed , North America
In fact , North America
Actually , North America

original sen: 
Politics and conflicts
Oh , Politics and conflicts
Yup , Politics and conflicts
Um , Politics and conflicts
Ah , Politics and conflicts
Indeed , Politics and conflicts
In fact , Politics and conflicts
Actually , Politics and conflicts

original sen: 
Understand
Oh , Understand
Yup , Understand
Um , Understand
Ah , Understand
Indeed , Understand
In fact , Understand
Actually , Understand

original sen: 
Since the 1960s , Oakland has been a hub of radical culture , and is the birthplace of both the Black Panther Party and the Hell 's Angels .
Oh , Since the 1960s , Oakland has been a hub of radical culture , and is the birthplace of both the Black Panther Party and the Hell 's Angels .
Yup , Since the 1960s , Oakland has been a hub of radical culture , and is the birthplace of both the Black Panther Party and the Hell 's Angels .
Um , Since the 1960s , Oakland has been a hub of radical culture , and is the birthplace of both the Black Panther Party and the Hell 's Angels .
Ah , Since the 1960s , Oakland has been a hub of radical culture , and is the birthplace of both the Black Panther Party and the Hell 's Angels .
Indeed , Since the 1960s , Oakland has been a hub of radical culture , and is the birthplace of both the Black Panther Party and the Hell 's Angels .
In fact , Since the 1960s , Oakland has been a hub of radical culture , and is the birthplace of both the Black Panther Party and the Hell 's Angels .
Actually , Since the 1960s , Oakland has been a hub of radical culture , and is the birthplace of both the Black Panther Party and the Hell 's Angels .

original sen: 
Oakland 's history in the arts and entertainment arena is notable as well , as Oakland has nurtured or been a second home to novelists Gertrude Stein , Jack London , Amy Tan , and Maya Angelou ; actors Meryl Streep , Mark Hamill , Bruce Lee , and Tom Hanks ; architect Julia " Butterfly " Hill ; classical conductor Calvin Simmons ; rappers MC Hammer , 2Pac , Messy Marv , and several other notables in the liberal arts and sciences .
Oh , Oakland 's history in the arts and entertainment arena is notable as well , as Oakland has nurtured or been a second home to novelists Gertrude Stein , Jack London , Amy Tan , and Maya Angelou ; actors Meryl Streep , Mark Hamill , Bruce Lee , and Tom Hanks ; architect Julia " Butterfly " Hill ; classical conductor Calvin Simmons ; rappers MC Hammer , 2Pac , Messy Marv , and several other notables in the liberal arts and sciences .
Yup , Oakland 's history in the arts and entertainment arena is notable as well , as Oakland has nurtured or been a second home to novelists Gertrude Stein , Jack London , Amy Tan , and Maya Angelou ; actors Meryl Streep , Mark Hamill , Bruce Lee , and Tom Hanks ; architect Julia " Butterfly " Hill ; classical conductor Calvin Simmons ; rappers MC Hammer , 2Pac , Messy Marv , and several other notables in the liberal arts and sciences .
Um , Oakland 's history in the arts and entertainment arena is notable as well , as Oakland has nurtured or been a second home to novelists Gertrude Stein , Jack London , Amy Tan , and Maya Angelou ; actors Meryl Streep , Mark Hamill , Bruce Lee , and Tom Hanks ; architect Julia " Butterfly " Hill ; classical conductor Calvin Simmons ; rappers MC Hammer , 2Pac , Messy Marv , and several other notables in the liberal arts and sciences .
Ah , Oakland 's history in the arts and entertainment arena is notable as well , as Oakland has nurtured or been a second home to novelists Gertrude Stein , Jack London , Amy Tan , and Maya Angelou ; actors Meryl Streep , Mark Hamill , Bruce Lee , and Tom Hanks ; architect Julia " Butterfly " Hill ; classical conductor Calvin Simmons ; rappers MC Hammer , 2Pac , Messy Marv , and several other notables in the liberal arts and sciences .
Indeed , Oakland 's history in the arts and entertainment arena is notable as well , as Oakland has nurtured or been a second home to novelists Gertrude Stein , Jack London , Amy Tan , and Maya Angelou ; actors Meryl Streep , Mark Hamill , Bruce Lee , and Tom Hanks ; architect Julia " Butterfly " Hill ; classical conductor Calvin Simmons ; rappers MC Hammer , 2Pac , Messy Marv , and several other notables in the liberal arts and sciences .
In fact , Oakland 's history in the arts and entertainment arena is notable as well , as Oakland has nurtured or been a second home to novelists Gertrude Stein , Jack London , Amy Tan , and Maya Angelou ; actors Meryl Streep , Mark Hamill , Bruce Lee , and Tom Hanks ; architect Julia " Butterfly " Hill ; classical conductor Calvin Simmons ; rappers MC Hammer , 2Pac , Messy Marv , and several other notables in the liberal arts and sciences .
Actually , Oakland 's history in the arts and entertainment arena is notable as well , as Oakland has nurtured or been a second home to novelists Gertrude Stein , Jack London , Amy Tan , and Maya Angelou ; actors Meryl Streep , Mark Hamill , Bruce Lee , and Tom Hanks ; architect Julia " Butterfly " Hill ; classical conductor Calvin Simmons ; rappers MC Hammer , 2Pac , Messy Marv , and several other notables in the liberal arts and sciences .

original sen: 
Oakland as a city reflects the amazing diversity of its residents and long history .
Oh , Oakland as a city reflects the amazing diversity of its residents and long history .
Yup , Oakland as a city reflects the amazing diversity of its residents and long history .
Um , Oakland as a city reflects the amazing diversity of its residents and long history .
Ah , Oakland as a city reflects the amazing diversity of its residents and long history .
Indeed , Oakland as a city reflects the amazing diversity of its residents and long history .
In fact , Oakland as a city reflects the amazing diversity of its residents and long history .
Actually , Oakland as a city reflects the amazing diversity of its residents and long history .

original sen: 
Many of the buildings and streets of Chinatown reflect the diverse nature of its history , in architecture and in the bilingual signs seen throughout the neighborhood .
Oh , Many of the buildings and streets of Chinatown reflect the diverse nature of its history , in architecture and in the bilingual signs seen throughout the neighborhood .
Yup , Many of the buildings and streets of Chinatown reflect the diverse nature of its history , in architecture and in the bilingual signs seen throughout the neighborhood .
Um , Many of the buildings and streets of Chinatown reflect the diverse nature of its history , in architecture and in the bilingual signs seen throughout the neighborhood .
Ah , Many of the buildings and streets of Chinatown reflect the diverse nature of its history , in architecture and in the bilingual signs seen throughout the neighborhood .
Indeed , Many of the buildings and streets of Chinatown reflect the diverse nature of its history , in architecture and in the bilingual signs seen throughout the neighborhood .
In fact , Many of the buildings and streets of Chinatown reflect the diverse nature of its history , in architecture and in the bilingual signs seen throughout the neighborhood .
Actually , Many of the buildings and streets of Chinatown reflect the diverse nature of its history , in architecture and in the bilingual signs seen throughout the neighborhood .

original sen: 
The curious traveler can venture to take a bus southwards along Broadway , and come to Jack London Square .
Oh , The curious traveler can venture to take a bus southwards along Broadway , and come to Jack London Square .
Yup , The curious traveler can venture to take a bus southwards along Broadway , and come to Jack London Square .
Um , The curious traveler can venture to take a bus southwards along Broadway , and come to Jack London Square .
Ah , The curious traveler can venture to take a bus southwards along Broadway , and come to Jack London Square .
Indeed , The curious traveler can venture to take a bus southwards along Broadway , and come to Jack London Square .
In fact , The curious traveler can venture to take a bus southwards along Broadway , and come to Jack London Square .
Actually , The curious traveler can venture to take a bus southwards along Broadway , and come to Jack London Square .

original sen: 
In the evening it buzzes with art galleries , theaters and residents and Bay Area visitors coming into the area to see concerts .
Oh , In the evening it buzzes with art galleries , theaters and residents and Bay Area visitors coming into the area to see concerts .
Yup , In the evening it buzzes with art galleries , theaters and residents and Bay Area visitors coming into the area to see concerts .
Um , In the evening it buzzes with art galleries , theaters and residents and Bay Area visitors coming into the area to see concerts .
Ah , In the evening it buzzes with art galleries , theaters and residents and Bay Area visitors coming into the area to see concerts .
Indeed , In the evening it buzzes with art galleries , theaters and residents and Bay Area visitors coming into the area to see concerts .
In fact , In the evening it buzzes with art galleries , theaters and residents and Bay Area visitors coming into the area to see concerts .
Actually , In the evening it buzzes with art galleries , theaters and residents and Bay Area visitors coming into the area to see concerts .

original sen: 
Many of the neighborhoods are commercial centers and absolute heaven for foodies or those who seek quieter surroundings than the hustle and bustle of Downtown and Chinatown .
Oh , Many of the neighborhoods are commercial centers and absolute heaven for foodies or those who seek quieter surroundings than the hustle and bustle of Downtown and Chinatown .
Yup , Many of the neighborhoods are commercial centers and absolute heaven for foodies or those who seek quieter surroundings than the hustle and bustle of Downtown and Chinatown .
Um , Many of the neighborhoods are commercial centers and absolute heaven for foodies or those who seek quieter surroundings than the hustle and bustle of Downtown and Chinatown .
Ah , Many of the neighborhoods are commercial centers and absolute heaven for foodies or those who seek quieter surroundings than the hustle and bustle of Downtown and Chinatown .
Indeed , Many of the neighborhoods are commercial centers and absolute heaven for foodies or those who seek quieter surroundings than the hustle and bustle of Downtown and Chinatown .
In fact , Many of the neighborhoods are commercial centers and absolute heaven for foodies or those who seek quieter surroundings than the hustle and bustle of Downtown and Chinatown .
Actually , Many of the neighborhoods are commercial centers and absolute heaven for foodies or those who seek quieter surroundings than the hustle and bustle of Downtown and Chinatown .

original sen: 
It has lots of local boutiques and a diverse range of food at all prices and styles .
Oh , It has lots of local boutiques and a diverse range of food at all prices and styles .
Yup , It has lots of local boutiques and a diverse range of food at all prices and styles .
Um , It has lots of local boutiques and a diverse range of food at all prices and styles .
Ah , It has lots of local boutiques and a diverse range of food at all prices and styles .
Indeed , It has lots of local boutiques and a diverse range of food at all prices and styles .
In fact , It has lots of local boutiques and a diverse range of food at all prices and styles .
Actually , It has lots of local boutiques and a diverse range of food at all prices and styles .

original sen: 
It has seen a period of decline between the 1960s and the more recent past .
Oh , It has seen a period of decline between the 1960s and the more recent past .
Yup , It has seen a period of decline between the 1960s and the more recent past .
Um , It has seen a period of decline between the 1960s and the more recent past .
Ah , It has seen a period of decline between the 1960s and the more recent past .
Indeed , It has seen a period of decline between the 1960s and the more recent past .
In fact , It has seen a period of decline between the 1960s and the more recent past .
Actually , It has seen a period of decline between the 1960s and the more recent past .

original sen: 
Strangely , twice in its history the neighborhood has seen benefits from major earthquakes .
Oh , Strangely , twice in its history the neighborhood has seen benefits from major earthquakes .
Yup , Strangely , twice in its history the neighborhood has seen benefits from major earthquakes .
Um , Strangely , twice in its history the neighborhood has seen benefits from major earthquakes .
Ah , Strangely , twice in its history the neighborhood has seen benefits from major earthquakes .
Indeed , Strangely , twice in its history the neighborhood has seen benefits from major earthquakes .
In fact , Strangely , twice in its history the neighborhood has seen benefits from major earthquakes .
Actually , Strangely , twice in its history the neighborhood has seen benefits from major earthquakes .

original sen: 
Respect
Oh , Respect
Yup , Respect
Um , Respect
Ah , Respect
Indeed , Respect
In fact , Respect
Actually , Respect

original sen: 
The wai
Oh , The wai
Yup , The wai
Um , The wai
Ah , The wai
Indeed , The wai
In fact , The wai
Actually , The wai

original sen: 
Ronald McDonald showing how it 's done
Oh , Ronald McDonald showing how it 's done
Yup , Ronald McDonald showing how it 's done
Um , Ronald McDonald showing how it 's done
Ah , Ronald McDonald showing how it 's done
Indeed , Ronald McDonald showing how it 's done
In fact , Ronald McDonald showing how it 's done
Actually , Ronald McDonald showing how it 's done

original sen: 
Among Thais , there are strict rules of hierarchy that dictate how and when the wai should be given .
Oh , Among Thais , there are strict rules of hierarchy that dictate how and when the wai should be given .
Yup , Among Thais , there are strict rules of hierarchy that dictate how and when the wai should be given .
Um , Among Thais , there are strict rules of hierarchy that dictate how and when the wai should be given .
Ah , Among Thais , there are strict rules of hierarchy that dictate how and when the wai should be given .
Indeed , Among Thais , there are strict rules of hierarchy that dictate how and when the wai should be given .
In fact , Among Thais , there are strict rules of hierarchy that dictate how and when the wai should be given .
Actually , Among Thais , there are strict rules of hierarchy that dictate how and when the wai should be given .

original sen: 
You should not wai service people or street vendors .
Oh , You should not wai service people or street vendors .
Yup , You should not wai service people or street vendors .
Um , You should not wai service people or street vendors .
Ah , You should not wai service people or street vendors .
Indeed , You should not wai service people or street vendors .
In fact , You should not wai service people or street vendors .
Actually , You should not wai service people or street vendors .

original sen: 
The higher your hands go , the more respectful you are .
Oh , The higher your hands go , the more respectful you are .
Yup , The higher your hands go , the more respectful you are .
Um , The higher your hands go , the more respectful you are .
Ah , The higher your hands go , the more respectful you are .
Indeed , The higher your hands go , the more respectful you are .
In fact , The higher your hands go , the more respectful you are .
Actually , The higher your hands go , the more respectful you are .

original sen: 
while you 're unlikely to cause offense if you do , you may well look slightly strange .
Oh , while you 're unlikely to cause offense if you do , you may well look slightly strange .
Yup , while you 're unlikely to cause offense if you do , you may well look slightly strange .
Um , while you 're unlikely to cause offense if you do , you may well look slightly strange .
Ah , while you 're unlikely to cause offense if you do , you may well look slightly strange .
Indeed , while you 're unlikely to cause offense if you do , you may well look slightly strange .
In fact , while you 're unlikely to cause offense if you do , you may well look slightly strange .
Actually , while you 're unlikely to cause offense if you do , you may well look slightly strange .

original sen: 
Dress
Oh , Dress
Yup , Dress
Um , Dress
Ah , Dress
Indeed , Dress
In fact , Dress
Actually , Dress

original sen: 
Personal appearance is very important in Thailand as a measure of respect to other people .
Oh , Personal appearance is very important in Thailand as a measure of respect to other people .
Yup , Personal appearance is very important in Thailand as a measure of respect to other people .
Um , Personal appearance is very important in Thailand as a measure of respect to other people .
Ah , Personal appearance is very important in Thailand as a measure of respect to other people .
Indeed , Personal appearance is very important in Thailand as a measure of respect to other people .
In fact , Personal appearance is very important in Thailand as a measure of respect to other people .
Actually , Personal appearance is very important in Thailand as a measure of respect to other people .

original sen: 
At a minimum your clothes should be neat , clean , and free from holes or tears .
Oh , At a minimum your clothes should be neat , clean , and free from holes or tears .
Yup , At a minimum your clothes should be neat , clean , and free from holes or tears .
Um , At a minimum your clothes should be neat , clean , and free from holes or tears .
Ah , At a minimum your clothes should be neat , clean , and free from holes or tears .
Indeed , At a minimum your clothes should be neat , clean , and free from holes or tears .
In fact , At a minimum your clothes should be neat , clean , and free from holes or tears .
Actually , At a minimum your clothes should be neat , clean , and free from holes or tears .

original sen: 
shorts are primarily worn by laborers and schoolchildren .
Oh , shorts are primarily worn by laborers and schoolchildren .
Yup , shorts are primarily worn by laborers and schoolchildren .
Um , shorts are primarily worn by laborers and schoolchildren .
Ah , shorts are primarily worn by laborers and schoolchildren .
Indeed , shorts are primarily worn by laborers and schoolchildren .
In fact , shorts are primarily worn by laborers and schoolchildren .
Actually , shorts are primarily worn by laborers and schoolchildren .

original sen: 
It is best to play it safe with wats and other sacred sites in Thailand ;
Oh , It is best to play it safe with wats and other sacred sites in Thailand ;
Yup , It is best to play it safe with wats and other sacred sites in Thailand ;
Um , It is best to play it safe with wats and other sacred sites in Thailand ;
Ah , It is best to play it safe with wats and other sacred sites in Thailand ;
Indeed , It is best to play it safe with wats and other sacred sites in Thailand ;
In fact , It is best to play it safe with wats and other sacred sites in Thailand ;
Actually , It is best to play it safe with wats and other sacred sites in Thailand ;

original sen: 
your dress should be unambiguously modest and cover your entire torso and most of your limbs .
Oh , your dress should be unambiguously modest and cover your entire torso and most of your limbs .
Yup , your dress should be unambiguously modest and cover your entire torso and most of your limbs .
Um , your dress should be unambiguously modest and cover your entire torso and most of your limbs .
Ah , your dress should be unambiguously modest and cover your entire torso and most of your limbs .
Indeed , your dress should be unambiguously modest and cover your entire torso and most of your limbs .
In fact , your dress should be unambiguously modest and cover your entire torso and most of your limbs .
Actually , your dress should be unambiguously modest and cover your entire torso and most of your limbs .

original sen: 
For men , ankle-length pants are mandatory ;
Oh , For men , ankle-length pants are mandatory ;
Yup , For men , ankle-length pants are mandatory ;
Um , For men , ankle-length pants are mandatory ;
Ah , For men , ankle-length pants are mandatory ;
Indeed , For men , ankle-length pants are mandatory ;
In fact , For men , ankle-length pants are mandatory ;
Actually , For men , ankle-length pants are mandatory ;

original sen: 
Many recommend that women wear only full length dresses and skirts ;
Oh , Many recommend that women wear only full length dresses and skirts ;
Yup , Many recommend that women wear only full length dresses and skirts ;
Um , Many recommend that women wear only full length dresses and skirts ;
Ah , Many recommend that women wear only full length dresses and skirts ;
Indeed , Many recommend that women wear only full length dresses and skirts ;
In fact , Many recommend that women wear only full length dresses and skirts ;
Actually , Many recommend that women wear only full length dresses and skirts ;

original sen: 
Religion
Oh , Religion
Yup , Religion
Um , Religion
Ah , Religion
Indeed , Religion
In fact , Religion
Actually , Religion

original sen: 
Buddhist prayer flags , Wat Arun , Bangkok
Oh , Buddhist prayer flags , Wat Arun , Bangkok
Yup , Buddhist prayer flags , Wat Arun , Bangkok
Um , Buddhist prayer flags , Wat Arun , Bangkok
Ah , Buddhist prayer flags , Wat Arun , Bangkok
Indeed , Buddhist prayer flags , Wat Arun , Bangkok
In fact , Buddhist prayer flags , Wat Arun , Bangkok
Actually , Buddhist prayer flags , Wat Arun , Bangkok

original sen: 
Buddhist monks are meant to avoid sexual temptations , and in particular they do not touch women or take things from women 's hands .
Oh , Buddhist monks are meant to avoid sexual temptations , and in particular they do not touch women or take things from women 's hands .
Yup , Buddhist monks are meant to avoid sexual temptations , and in particular they do not touch women or take things from women 's hands .
Um , Buddhist monks are meant to avoid sexual temptations , and in particular they do not touch women or take things from women 's hands .
Ah , Buddhist monks are meant to avoid sexual temptations , and in particular they do not touch women or take things from women 's hands .
Indeed , Buddhist monks are meant to avoid sexual temptations , and in particular they do not touch women or take things from women 's hands .
In fact , Buddhist monks are meant to avoid sexual temptations , and in particular they do not touch women or take things from women 's hands .
Actually , Buddhist monks are meant to avoid sexual temptations , and in particular they do not touch women or take things from women 's hands .

original sen: 
Monks will sometimes be aided by a layman who will accept things from women merit-makers on their behalf .
Oh , Monks will sometimes be aided by a layman who will accept things from women merit-makers on their behalf .
Yup , Monks will sometimes be aided by a layman who will accept things from women merit-makers on their behalf .
Um , Monks will sometimes be aided by a layman who will accept things from women merit-makers on their behalf .
Ah , Monks will sometimes be aided by a layman who will accept things from women merit-makers on their behalf .
Indeed , Monks will sometimes be aided by a layman who will accept things from women merit-makers on their behalf .
In fact , Monks will sometimes be aided by a layman who will accept things from women merit-makers on their behalf .
Actually , Monks will sometimes be aided by a layman who will accept things from women merit-makers on their behalf .

original sen: 
Therefore , should you wish to donate to a monk , you should only offer food , and put your monetary donation in the appropriate donation box at the temple .
Oh , Therefore , should you wish to donate to a monk , you should only offer food , and put your monetary donation in the appropriate donation box at the temple .
Yup , Therefore , should you wish to donate to a monk , you should only offer food , and put your monetary donation in the appropriate donation box at the temple .
Um , Therefore , should you wish to donate to a monk , you should only offer food , and put your monetary donation in the appropriate donation box at the temple .
Ah , Therefore , should you wish to donate to a monk , you should only offer food , and put your monetary donation in the appropriate donation box at the temple .
Indeed , Therefore , should you wish to donate to a monk , you should only offer food , and put your monetary donation in the appropriate donation box at the temple .
In fact , Therefore , should you wish to donate to a monk , you should only offer food , and put your monetary donation in the appropriate donation box at the temple .
Actually , Therefore , should you wish to donate to a monk , you should only offer food , and put your monetary donation in the appropriate donation box at the temple .

original sen: 
Those monks that accept money are almost always fakes .
Oh , Those monks that accept money are almost always fakes .
Yup , Those monks that accept money are almost always fakes .
Um , Those monks that accept money are almost always fakes .
Ah , Those monks that accept money are almost always fakes .
Indeed , Those monks that accept money are almost always fakes .
In fact , Those monks that accept money are almost always fakes .
Actually , Those monks that accept money are almost always fakes .

original sen: 
The beautiful harbour opposite the main town of Neiafu ( known as the Port of Refuge Harbour ) is a common destination for yachties sailing the South Pacific .
Oh , The beautiful harbour opposite the main town of Neiafu ( known as the Port of Refuge Harbour ) is a common destination for yachties sailing the South Pacific .
Yup , The beautiful harbour opposite the main town of Neiafu ( known as the Port of Refuge Harbour ) is a common destination for yachties sailing the South Pacific .
Um , The beautiful harbour opposite the main town of Neiafu ( known as the Port of Refuge Harbour ) is a common destination for yachties sailing the South Pacific .
Ah , The beautiful harbour opposite the main town of Neiafu ( known as the Port of Refuge Harbour ) is a common destination for yachties sailing the South Pacific .
Indeed , The beautiful harbour opposite the main town of Neiafu ( known as the Port of Refuge Harbour ) is a common destination for yachties sailing the South Pacific .
In fact , The beautiful harbour opposite the main town of Neiafu ( known as the Port of Refuge Harbour ) is a common destination for yachties sailing the South Pacific .
Actually , The beautiful harbour opposite the main town of Neiafu ( known as the Port of Refuge Harbour ) is a common destination for yachties sailing the South Pacific .

original sen: 
The waters of the islands are known for their clarity , it being said that you can see the bottom at 40 metres .
Oh , The waters of the islands are known for their clarity , it being said that you can see the bottom at 40 metres .
Yup , The waters of the islands are known for their clarity , it being said that you can see the bottom at 40 metres .
Um , The waters of the islands are known for their clarity , it being said that you can see the bottom at 40 metres .
Ah , The waters of the islands are known for their clarity , it being said that you can see the bottom at 40 metres .
Indeed , The waters of the islands are known for their clarity , it being said that you can see the bottom at 40 metres .
In fact , The waters of the islands are known for their clarity , it being said that you can see the bottom at 40 metres .
Actually , The waters of the islands are known for their clarity , it being said that you can see the bottom at 40 metres .

original sen: 
The area attracts many humpback whales between June and November and there are lots of companies organising tours to see them .
Oh , The area attracts many humpback whales between June and November and there are lots of companies organising tours to see them .
Yup , The area attracts many humpback whales between June and November and there are lots of companies organising tours to see them .
Um , The area attracts many humpback whales between June and November and there are lots of companies organising tours to see them .
Ah , The area attracts many humpback whales between June and November and there are lots of companies organising tours to see them .
Indeed , The area attracts many humpback whales between June and November and there are lots of companies organising tours to see them .
In fact , The area attracts many humpback whales between June and November and there are lots of companies organising tours to see them .
Actually , The area attracts many humpback whales between June and November and there are lots of companies organising tours to see them .

original sen: 
There are numerous places to stay to suit most budgets .
Oh , There are numerous places to stay to suit most budgets .
Yup , There are numerous places to stay to suit most budgets .
Um , There are numerous places to stay to suit most budgets .
Ah , There are numerous places to stay to suit most budgets .
Indeed , There are numerous places to stay to suit most budgets .
In fact , There are numerous places to stay to suit most budgets .
Actually , There are numerous places to stay to suit most budgets .

original sen: 
Understand
Oh , Understand
Yup , Understand
Um , Understand
Ah , Understand
Indeed , Understand
In fact , Understand
Actually , Understand

original sen: 
These days there are around 20000 people living in the Group .
Oh , These days there are around 20000 people living in the Group .
Yup , These days there are around 20000 people living in the Group .
Um , These days there are around 20000 people living in the Group .
Ah , These days there are around 20000 people living in the Group .
Indeed , These days there are around 20000 people living in the Group .
In fact , These days there are around 20000 people living in the Group .
Actually , These days there are around 20000 people living in the Group .

original sen: 
This is the high season for tourism ;
Oh , This is the high season for tourism ;
Yup , This is the high season for tourism ;
Um , This is the high season for tourism ;
Ah , This is the high season for tourism ;
Indeed , This is the high season for tourism ;
In fact , This is the high season for tourism ;
Actually , This is the high season for tourism ;

original sen: 
between December and April few people visit and many tour companies and restaurants close down .
Oh , between December and April few people visit and many tour companies and restaurants close down .
Yup , between December and April few people visit and many tour companies and restaurants close down .
Um , between December and April few people visit and many tour companies and restaurants close down .
Ah , between December and April few people visit and many tour companies and restaurants close down .
Indeed , between December and April few people visit and many tour companies and restaurants close down .
In fact , between December and April few people visit and many tour companies and restaurants close down .
Actually , between December and April few people visit and many tour companies and restaurants close down .

original sen: 
Neiafu town is the centre of activity .
Oh , Neiafu town is the centre of activity .
Yup , Neiafu town is the centre of activity .
Um , Neiafu town is the centre of activity .
Ah , Neiafu town is the centre of activity .
Indeed , Neiafu town is the centre of activity .
In fact , Neiafu town is the centre of activity .
Actually , Neiafu town is the centre of activity .

original sen: 
It does n't have a beach but boats to one of the nearby coral atolls with superb sandy beaches are easily available .
Oh , It does n't have a beach but boats to one of the nearby coral atolls with superb sandy beaches are easily available .
Yup , It does n't have a beach but boats to one of the nearby coral atolls with superb sandy beaches are easily available .
Um , It does n't have a beach but boats to one of the nearby coral atolls with superb sandy beaches are easily available .
Ah , It does n't have a beach but boats to one of the nearby coral atolls with superb sandy beaches are easily available .
Indeed , It does n't have a beach but boats to one of the nearby coral atolls with superb sandy beaches are easily available .
In fact , It does n't have a beach but boats to one of the nearby coral atolls with superb sandy beaches are easily available .
Actually , It does n't have a beach but boats to one of the nearby coral atolls with superb sandy beaches are easily available .

original sen: 
Climate
Oh , Climate
Yup , Climate
Um , Climate
Ah , Climate
Indeed , Climate
In fact , Climate
Actually , Climate

original sen: 
It is sunny throughout the year .
Oh , It is sunny throughout the year .
Yup , It is sunny throughout the year .
Um , It is sunny throughout the year .
Ah , It is sunny throughout the year .
Indeed , It is sunny throughout the year .
In fact , It is sunny throughout the year .
Actually , It is sunny throughout the year .

original sen: 
Between November and April , it is more humid and thunderstorms and cyclones do occur .
Oh , Between November and April , it is more humid and thunderstorms and cyclones do occur .
Yup , Between November and April , it is more humid and thunderstorms and cyclones do occur .
Um , Between November and April , it is more humid and thunderstorms and cyclones do occur .
Ah , Between November and April , it is more humid and thunderstorms and cyclones do occur .
Indeed , Between November and April , it is more humid and thunderstorms and cyclones do occur .
In fact , Between November and April , it is more humid and thunderstorms and cyclones do occur .
Actually , Between November and April , it is more humid and thunderstorms and cyclones do occur .

original sen: 
Port of Refuge Harbor at Neiafu
Oh , Port of Refuge Harbor at Neiafu
Yup , Port of Refuge Harbor at Neiafu
Um , Port of Refuge Harbor at Neiafu
Ah , Port of Refuge Harbor at Neiafu
Indeed , Port of Refuge Harbor at Neiafu
In fact , Port of Refuge Harbor at Neiafu
Actually , Port of Refuge Harbor at Neiafu

original sen: 
Orientation
Oh , Orientation
Yup , Orientation
Um , Orientation
Ah , Orientation
Indeed , Orientation
In fact , Orientation
Actually , Orientation

original sen: 
This is the largest island , where Neiafu is found .
Oh , This is the largest island , where Neiafu is found .
Yup , This is the largest island , where Neiafu is found .
Um , This is the largest island , where Neiafu is found .
Ah , This is the largest island , where Neiafu is found .
Indeed , This is the largest island , where Neiafu is found .
In fact , This is the largest island , where Neiafu is found .
Actually , This is the largest island , where Neiafu is found .

original sen: 
There are some good beaches and plenty of secluded cove beaches and protected bays with good snorkelling .
Oh , There are some good beaches and plenty of secluded cove beaches and protected bays with good snorkelling .
Yup , There are some good beaches and plenty of secluded cove beaches and protected bays with good snorkelling .
Um , There are some good beaches and plenty of secluded cove beaches and protected bays with good snorkelling .
Ah , There are some good beaches and plenty of secluded cove beaches and protected bays with good snorkelling .
Indeed , There are some good beaches and plenty of secluded cove beaches and protected bays with good snorkelling .
In fact , There are some good beaches and plenty of secluded cove beaches and protected bays with good snorkelling .
Actually , There are some good beaches and plenty of secluded cove beaches and protected bays with good snorkelling .

original sen: 
Avai'o'vuna Swamp is a small coastal wetland on the island .
Oh , Avai'o'vuna Swamp is a small coastal wetland on the island .
Yup , Avai'o'vuna Swamp is a small coastal wetland on the island .
Um , Avai'o'vuna Swamp is a small coastal wetland on the island .
Ah , Avai'o'vuna Swamp is a small coastal wetland on the island .
Indeed , Avai'o'vuna Swamp is a small coastal wetland on the island .
In fact , Avai'o'vuna Swamp is a small coastal wetland on the island .
Actually , Avai'o'vuna Swamp is a small coastal wetland on the island .

original sen: 
Hunga Island .
Oh , Hunga Island .
Yup , Hunga Island .
Um , Hunga Island .
Ah , Hunga Island .
Indeed , Hunga Island .
In fact , Hunga Island .
Actually , Hunga Island .

original sen: 
This is some 35 minutes from Neiafu Harbour and provides the main concentration of humpback whales .
Oh , This is some 35 minutes from Neiafu Harbour and provides the main concentration of humpback whales .
Yup , This is some 35 minutes from Neiafu Harbour and provides the main concentration of humpback whales .
Um , This is some 35 minutes from Neiafu Harbour and provides the main concentration of humpback whales .
Ah , This is some 35 minutes from Neiafu Harbour and provides the main concentration of humpback whales .
Indeed , This is some 35 minutes from Neiafu Harbour and provides the main concentration of humpback whales .
In fact , This is some 35 minutes from Neiafu Harbour and provides the main concentration of humpback whales .
Actually , This is some 35 minutes from Neiafu Harbour and provides the main concentration of humpback whales .

original sen: 
The island lies in deep water and has sheltered waters and bays which provide a resting place for humpbacks with calves .
Oh , The island lies in deep water and has sheltered waters and bays which provide a resting place for humpbacks with calves .
Yup , The island lies in deep water and has sheltered waters and bays which provide a resting place for humpbacks with calves .
Um , The island lies in deep water and has sheltered waters and bays which provide a resting place for humpbacks with calves .
Ah , The island lies in deep water and has sheltered waters and bays which provide a resting place for humpbacks with calves .
Indeed , The island lies in deep water and has sheltered waters and bays which provide a resting place for humpbacks with calves .
In fact , The island lies in deep water and has sheltered waters and bays which provide a resting place for humpbacks with calves .
Actually , The island lies in deep water and has sheltered waters and bays which provide a resting place for humpbacks with calves .

original sen: 
Method 1 of 2 : From Seeds
Oh , Method 1 of 2 : From Seeds
Yup , Method 1 of 2 : From Seeds
Um , Method 1 of 2 : From Seeds
Ah , Method 1 of 2 : From Seeds
Indeed , Method 1 of 2 : From Seeds
In fact , Method 1 of 2 : From Seeds
Actually , Method 1 of 2 : From Seeds

original sen: 
These can be bought at garden centers or purchased online .
Oh , These can be bought at garden centers or purchased online .
Yup , These can be bought at garden centers or purchased online .
Um , These can be bought at garden centers or purchased online .
Ah , These can be bought at garden centers or purchased online .
Indeed , These can be bought at garden centers or purchased online .
In fact , These can be bought at garden centers or purchased online .
Actually , These can be bought at garden centers or purchased online .

original sen: 
Scatter the seeds .
Oh , Scatter the seeds .
Yup , Scatter the seeds .
Um , Scatter the seeds .
Ah , Scatter the seeds .
Indeed , Scatter the seeds .
In fact , Scatter the seeds .
Actually , Scatter the seeds .

original sen: 
In a shady garden bed , simply scatter the seeds on the soil .
Oh , In a shady garden bed , simply scatter the seeds on the soil .
Yup , In a shady garden bed , simply scatter the seeds on the soil .
Um , In a shady garden bed , simply scatter the seeds on the soil .
Ah , In a shady garden bed , simply scatter the seeds on the soil .
Indeed , In a shady garden bed , simply scatter the seeds on the soil .
In fact , In a shady garden bed , simply scatter the seeds on the soil .
Actually , In a shady garden bed , simply scatter the seeds on the soil .

original sen: 
There 's no need to cover them , unless you want to use netting to keep the birds off .
Oh , There 's no need to cover them , unless you want to use netting to keep the birds off .
Yup , There 's no need to cover them , unless you want to use netting to keep the birds off .
Um , There 's no need to cover them , unless you want to use netting to keep the birds off .
Ah , There 's no need to cover them , unless you want to use netting to keep the birds off .
Indeed , There 's no need to cover them , unless you want to use netting to keep the birds off .
In fact , There 's no need to cover them , unless you want to use netting to keep the birds off .
Actually , There 's no need to cover them , unless you want to use netting to keep the birds off .

original sen: 
Keep the soil moist until the seeds germinate .
Oh , Keep the soil moist until the seeds germinate .
Yup , Keep the soil moist until the seeds germinate .
Um , Keep the soil moist until the seeds germinate .
Ah , Keep the soil moist until the seeds germinate .
Indeed , Keep the soil moist until the seeds germinate .
In fact , Keep the soil moist until the seeds germinate .
Actually , Keep the soil moist until the seeds germinate .

original sen: 
Make sure that the garden bed is in the shade .
Oh , Make sure that the garden bed is in the shade .
Yup , Make sure that the garden bed is in the shade .
Um , Make sure that the garden bed is in the shade .
Ah , Make sure that the garden bed is in the shade .
Indeed , Make sure that the garden bed is in the shade .
In fact , Make sure that the garden bed is in the shade .
Actually , Make sure that the garden bed is in the shade .

original sen: 
Method 2 of 2 : From Cuttings
Oh , Method 2 of 2 : From Cuttings
Yup , Method 2 of 2 : From Cuttings
Um , Method 2 of 2 : From Cuttings
Ah , Method 2 of 2 : From Cuttings
Indeed , Method 2 of 2 : From Cuttings
In fact , Method 2 of 2 : From Cuttings
Actually , Method 2 of 2 : From Cuttings

original sen: 
You can purchase them online or at a local garden center .
Oh , You can purchase them online or at a local garden center .
Yup , You can purchase them online or at a local garden center .
Um , You can purchase them online or at a local garden center .
Ah , You can purchase them online or at a local garden center .
Indeed , You can purchase them online or at a local garden center .
In fact , You can purchase them online or at a local garden center .
Actually , You can purchase them online or at a local garden center .

original sen: 
To do this , choose pads ( the flat , oval-shaped sections that make up a cactus ) that are 6 months old or older and cut them at the base .
Oh , To do this , choose pads ( the flat , oval-shaped sections that make up a cactus ) that are 6 months old or older and cut them at the base .
Yup , To do this , choose pads ( the flat , oval-shaped sections that make up a cactus ) that are 6 months old or older and cut them at the base .
Um , To do this , choose pads ( the flat , oval-shaped sections that make up a cactus ) that are 6 months old or older and cut them at the base .
Ah , To do this , choose pads ( the flat , oval-shaped sections that make up a cactus ) that are 6 months old or older and cut them at the base .
Indeed , To do this , choose pads ( the flat , oval-shaped sections that make up a cactus ) that are 6 months old or older and cut them at the base .
In fact , To do this , choose pads ( the flat , oval-shaped sections that make up a cactus ) that are 6 months old or older and cut them at the base .
Actually , To do this , choose pads ( the flat , oval-shaped sections that make up a cactus ) that are 6 months old or older and cut them at the base .

original sen: 
Plant the cuttings .
Oh , Plant the cuttings .
Yup , Plant the cuttings .
Um , Plant the cuttings .
Ah , Plant the cuttings .
Indeed , Plant the cuttings .
In fact , Plant the cuttings .
Actually , Plant the cuttings .

original sen: 
Make sure there are holes in the center of the base of each pot to allow for good drainage .
Oh , Make sure there are holes in the center of the base of each pot to allow for good drainage .
Yup , Make sure there are holes in the center of the base of each pot to allow for good drainage .
Um , Make sure there are holes in the center of the base of each pot to allow for good drainage .
Ah , Make sure there are holes in the center of the base of each pot to allow for good drainage .
Indeed , Make sure there are holes in the center of the base of each pot to allow for good drainage .
In fact , Make sure there are holes in the center of the base of each pot to allow for good drainage .
Actually , Make sure there are holes in the center of the base of each pot to allow for good drainage .

original sen: 
Put some rocks around the pad to anchor it in place .
Oh , Put some rocks around the pad to anchor it in place .
Yup , Put some rocks around the pad to anchor it in place .
Um , Put some rocks around the pad to anchor it in place .
Ah , Put some rocks around the pad to anchor it in place .
Indeed , Put some rocks around the pad to anchor it in place .
In fact , Put some rocks around the pad to anchor it in place .
Actually , Put some rocks around the pad to anchor it in place .

original sen: 
This will prevent the cuttings from burning during the hottest part of the day .
Oh , This will prevent the cuttings from burning during the hottest part of the day .
Yup , This will prevent the cuttings from burning during the hottest part of the day .
Um , This will prevent the cuttings from burning during the hottest part of the day .
Ah , This will prevent the cuttings from burning during the hottest part of the day .
Indeed , This will prevent the cuttings from burning during the hottest part of the day .
In fact , This will prevent the cuttings from burning during the hottest part of the day .
Actually , This will prevent the cuttings from burning during the hottest part of the day .

original sen: 
Make sure the spot is sheltered from any cold winter winds .
Oh , Make sure the spot is sheltered from any cold winter winds .
Yup , Make sure the spot is sheltered from any cold winter winds .
Um , Make sure the spot is sheltered from any cold winter winds .
Ah , Make sure the spot is sheltered from any cold winter winds .
Indeed , Make sure the spot is sheltered from any cold winter winds .
In fact , Make sure the spot is sheltered from any cold winter winds .
Actually , Make sure the spot is sheltered from any cold winter winds .

original sen: 
Wait for a month .
Oh , Wait for a month .
Yup , Wait for a month .
Um , Wait for a month .
Ah , Wait for a month .
Indeed , Wait for a month .
In fact , Wait for a month .
Actually , Wait for a month .

original sen: 
Do not water the cutting for the first month .
Oh , Do not water the cutting for the first month .
Yup , Do not water the cutting for the first month .
Um , Do not water the cutting for the first month .
Ah , Do not water the cutting for the first month .
Indeed , Do not water the cutting for the first month .
In fact , Do not water the cutting for the first month .
Actually , Do not water the cutting for the first month .

original sen: 
The moisture in the pad will provide enough nutrients for roots to grow .
Oh , The moisture in the pad will provide enough nutrients for roots to grow .
Yup , The moisture in the pad will provide enough nutrients for roots to grow .
Um , The moisture in the pad will provide enough nutrients for roots to grow .
Ah , The moisture in the pad will provide enough nutrients for roots to grow .
Indeed , The moisture in the pad will provide enough nutrients for roots to grow .
In fact , The moisture in the pad will provide enough nutrients for roots to grow .
Actually , The moisture in the pad will provide enough nutrients for roots to grow .

original sen: 
Too much water might cause rot .
Oh , Too much water might cause rot .
Yup , Too much water might cause rot .
Um , Too much water might cause rot .
Ah , Too much water might cause rot .
Indeed , Too much water might cause rot .
In fact , Too much water might cause rot .
Actually , Too much water might cause rot .

original sen: 
After 1 month , roots will have sprouted and you can water the cutting for the first time .
Oh , After 1 month , roots will have sprouted and you can water the cutting for the first time .
Yup , After 1 month , roots will have sprouted and you can water the cutting for the first time .
Um , After 1 month , roots will have sprouted and you can water the cutting for the first time .
Ah , After 1 month , roots will have sprouted and you can water the cutting for the first time .
Indeed , After 1 month , roots will have sprouted and you can water the cutting for the first time .
In fact , After 1 month , roots will have sprouted and you can water the cutting for the first time .
Actually , After 1 month , roots will have sprouted and you can water the cutting for the first time .

original sen: 
Always let the soil dry before you water the cuttings .
Oh , Always let the soil dry before you water the cuttings .
Yup , Always let the soil dry before you water the cuttings .
Um , Always let the soil dry before you water the cuttings .
Ah , Always let the soil dry before you water the cuttings .
Indeed , Always let the soil dry before you water the cuttings .
In fact , Always let the soil dry before you water the cuttings .
Actually , Always let the soil dry before you water the cuttings .

original sen: 
Fertilize the plants .
Oh , Fertilize the plants .
Yup , Fertilize the plants .
Um , Fertilize the plants .
Ah , Fertilize the plants .
Indeed , Fertilize the plants .
In fact , Fertilize the plants .
Actually , Fertilize the plants .

original sen: 
Let the cuttings grow .
Oh , Let the cuttings grow .
Yup , Let the cuttings grow .
Um , Let the cuttings grow .
Ah , Let the cuttings grow .
Indeed , Let the cuttings grow .
In fact , Let the cuttings grow .
Actually , Let the cuttings grow .

original sen: 
From the first pad , many more will form .
Oh , From the first pad , many more will form .
Yup , From the first pad , many more will form .
Um , From the first pad , many more will form .
Ah , From the first pad , many more will form .
Indeed , From the first pad , many more will form .
In fact , From the first pad , many more will form .
Actually , From the first pad , many more will form .

original sen: 
The second or third pad will bear some flowers , but wait before harvesting them or you might affect the size of future harvests .
Oh , The second or third pad will bear some flowers , but wait before harvesting them or you might affect the size of future harvests .
Yup , The second or third pad will bear some flowers , but wait before harvesting them or you might affect the size of future harvests .
Um , The second or third pad will bear some flowers , but wait before harvesting them or you might affect the size of future harvests .
Ah , The second or third pad will bear some flowers , but wait before harvesting them or you might affect the size of future harvests .
Indeed , The second or third pad will bear some flowers , but wait before harvesting them or you might affect the size of future harvests .
In fact , The second or third pad will bear some flowers , but wait before harvesting them or you might affect the size of future harvests .
Actually , The second or third pad will bear some flowers , but wait before harvesting them or you might affect the size of future harvests .

original sen: 
Two Methods :
Oh , Two Methods :
Yup , Two Methods :
Um , Two Methods :
Ah , Two Methods :
Indeed , Two Methods :
In fact , Two Methods :
Actually , Two Methods :

original sen: 
No need to give up wicked cakes when you toss the eggs , butter , and milk !
Oh , No need to give up wicked cakes when you toss the eggs , butter , and milk !
Yup , No need to give up wicked cakes when you toss the eggs , butter , and milk !
Um , No need to give up wicked cakes when you toss the eggs , butter , and milk !
Ah , No need to give up wicked cakes when you toss the eggs , butter , and milk !
Indeed , No need to give up wicked cakes when you toss the eggs , butter , and milk !
In fact , No need to give up wicked cakes when you toss the eggs , butter , and milk !
Actually , No need to give up wicked cakes when you toss the eggs , butter , and milk !

original sen: 
They 're guaranteed to be light and fluffy and perfect for any occasion .
Oh , They 're guaranteed to be light and fluffy and perfect for any occasion .
Yup , They 're guaranteed to be light and fluffy and perfect for any occasion .
Um , They 're guaranteed to be light and fluffy and perfect for any occasion .
Ah , They 're guaranteed to be light and fluffy and perfect for any occasion .
Indeed , They 're guaranteed to be light and fluffy and perfect for any occasion .
In fact , They 're guaranteed to be light and fluffy and perfect for any occasion .
Actually , They 're guaranteed to be light and fluffy and perfect for any occasion .

original sen: 
Ingredients
Oh , Ingredients
Yup , Ingredients
Um , Ingredients
Ah , Ingredients
Indeed , Ingredients
In fact , Ingredients
Actually , Ingredients

original sen: 
Servings : 18 - 24 ( fewer if you opt for larger-sized cupcakes )
Oh , Servings : 18 - 24 ( fewer if you opt for larger-sized cupcakes )
Yup , Servings : 18 - 24 ( fewer if you opt for larger-sized cupcakes )
Um , Servings : 18 - 24 ( fewer if you opt for larger-sized cupcakes )
Ah , Servings : 18 - 24 ( fewer if you opt for larger-sized cupcakes )
Indeed , Servings : 18 - 24 ( fewer if you opt for larger-sized cupcakes )
In fact , Servings : 18 - 24 ( fewer if you opt for larger-sized cupcakes )
Actually , Servings : 18 - 24 ( fewer if you opt for larger-sized cupcakes )

original sen: 
1 tablespoon ( 15 ml ) apple cider vinegar
Oh , 1 tablespoon ( 15 ml ) apple cider vinegar
Yup , 1 tablespoon ( 15 ml ) apple cider vinegar
Um , 1 tablespoon ( 15 ml ) apple cider vinegar
Ah , 1 tablespoon ( 15 ml ) apple cider vinegar
Indeed , 1 tablespoon ( 15 ml ) apple cider vinegar
In fact , 1 tablespoon ( 15 ml ) apple cider vinegar
Actually , 1 tablespoon ( 15 ml ) apple cider vinegar

original sen: 
1 1/2 cups ( 350 ml ) plain soy milk
Oh , 1 1/2 cups ( 350 ml ) plain soy milk
Yup , 1 1/2 cups ( 350 ml ) plain soy milk
Um , 1 1/2 cups ( 350 ml ) plain soy milk
Ah , 1 1/2 cups ( 350 ml ) plain soy milk
Indeed , 1 1/2 cups ( 350 ml ) plain soy milk
In fact , 1 1/2 cups ( 350 ml ) plain soy milk
Actually , 1 1/2 cups ( 350 ml ) plain soy milk

original sen: 
2 3/4 cups ( 345 g ) self raising flour
Oh , 2 3/4 cups ( 345 g ) self raising flour
Yup , 2 3/4 cups ( 345 g ) self raising flour
Um , 2 3/4 cups ( 345 g ) self raising flour
Ah , 2 3/4 cups ( 345 g ) self raising flour
Indeed , 2 3/4 cups ( 345 g ) self raising flour
In fact , 2 3/4 cups ( 345 g ) self raising flour
Actually , 2 3/4 cups ( 345 g ) self raising flour

original sen: 
2 teaspoons ( 10 g ) baking powder
Oh , 2 teaspoons ( 10 g ) baking powder
Yup , 2 teaspoons ( 10 g ) baking powder
Um , 2 teaspoons ( 10 g ) baking powder
Ah , 2 teaspoons ( 10 g ) baking powder
Indeed , 2 teaspoons ( 10 g ) baking powder
In fact , 2 teaspoons ( 10 g ) baking powder
Actually , 2 teaspoons ( 10 g ) baking powder

original sen: 
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
Oh , 1/2 teaspoon baking soda
Yup , 1/2 teaspoon baking soda
Um , 1/2 teaspoon baking soda
Ah , 1/2 teaspoon baking soda
Indeed , 1/2 teaspoon baking soda
In fact , 1/2 teaspoon baking soda
Actually , 1/2 teaspoon baking soda

original sen: 
1/2 teaspoon salt
Oh , 1/2 teaspoon salt
Yup , 1/2 teaspoon salt
Um , 1/2 teaspoon salt
Ah , 1/2 teaspoon salt
Indeed , 1/2 teaspoon salt
In fact , 1/2 teaspoon salt
Actually , 1/2 teaspoon salt

original sen: 
1 cup ( 200 g ) sugar
Oh , 1 cup ( 200 g ) sugar
Yup , 1 cup ( 200 g ) sugar
Um , 1 cup ( 200 g ) sugar
Ah , 1 cup ( 200 g ) sugar
Indeed , 1 cup ( 200 g ) sugar
In fact , 1 cup ( 200 g ) sugar
Actually , 1 cup ( 200 g ) sugar

original sen: 
1/2 cup ( 120 ml ) vegetable oil
Oh , 1/2 cup ( 120 ml ) vegetable oil
Yup , 1/2 cup ( 120 ml ) vegetable oil
Um , 1/2 cup ( 120 ml ) vegetable oil
Ah , 1/2 cup ( 120 ml ) vegetable oil
Indeed , 1/2 cup ( 120 ml ) vegetable oil
In fact , 1/2 cup ( 120 ml ) vegetable oil
Actually , 1/2 cup ( 120 ml ) vegetable oil

original sen: 
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
Oh , 1 teaspoon vanilla extract
Yup , 1 teaspoon vanilla extract
Um , 1 teaspoon vanilla extract
Ah , 1 teaspoon vanilla extract
Indeed , 1 teaspoon vanilla extract
In fact , 1 teaspoon vanilla extract
Actually , 1 teaspoon vanilla extract

original sen: 
Vegan icing of your choice
Oh , Vegan icing of your choice
Yup , Vegan icing of your choice
Um , Vegan icing of your choice
Ah , Vegan icing of your choice
Indeed , Vegan icing of your choice
In fact , Vegan icing of your choice
Actually , Vegan icing of your choice

original sen: 
2 teaspoons baking soda
Oh , 2 teaspoons baking soda
Yup , 2 teaspoons baking soda
Um , 2 teaspoons baking soda
Ah , 2 teaspoons baking soda
Indeed , 2 teaspoons baking soda
In fact , 2 teaspoons baking soda
Actually , 2 teaspoons baking soda

original sen: 
1 teaspoon baking powder
Oh , 1 teaspoon baking powder
Yup , 1 teaspoon baking powder
Um , 1 teaspoon baking powder
Ah , 1 teaspoon baking powder
Indeed , 1 teaspoon baking powder
In fact , 1 teaspoon baking powder
Actually , 1 teaspoon baking powder

original sen: 
Pinch of salt
Oh , Pinch of salt
Yup , Pinch of salt
Um , Pinch of salt
Ah , Pinch of salt
Indeed , Pinch of salt
In fact , Pinch of salt
Actually , Pinch of salt

original sen: 
2 teaspoons red wine or apple cider vinegar
Oh , 2 teaspoons red wine or apple cider vinegar
Yup , 2 teaspoons red wine or apple cider vinegar
Um , 2 teaspoons red wine or apple cider vinegar
Ah , 2 teaspoons red wine or apple cider vinegar
Indeed , 2 teaspoons red wine or apple cider vinegar
In fact , 2 teaspoons red wine or apple cider vinegar
Actually , 2 teaspoons red wine or apple cider vinegar

original sen: 
Put to one side .
Oh , Put to one side .
Yup , Put to one side .
Um , Put to one side .
Ah , Put to one side .
Indeed , Put to one side .
In fact , Put to one side .
Actually , Put to one side .

original sen: 
Alternatively , use a silicone cupcake baking sheet with molded holes .
Oh , Alternatively , use a silicone cupcake baking sheet with molded holes .
Yup , Alternatively , use a silicone cupcake baking sheet with molded holes .
Um , Alternatively , use a silicone cupcake baking sheet with molded holes .
Ah , Alternatively , use a silicone cupcake baking sheet with molded holes .
Indeed , Alternatively , use a silicone cupcake baking sheet with molded holes .
In fact , Alternatively , use a silicone cupcake baking sheet with molded holes .
Actually , Alternatively , use a silicone cupcake baking sheet with molded holes .

original sen: 
Put the cider vinegar into a small bowl and add the soy milk .
Oh , Put the cider vinegar into a small bowl and add the soy milk .
Yup , Put the cider vinegar into a small bowl and add the soy milk .
Um , Put the cider vinegar into a small bowl and add the soy milk .
Ah , Put the cider vinegar into a small bowl and add the soy milk .
Indeed , Put the cider vinegar into a small bowl and add the soy milk .
In fact , Put the cider vinegar into a small bowl and add the soy milk .
Actually , Put the cider vinegar into a small bowl and add the soy milk .

original sen: 
Stir this well and then put to one side .
Oh , Stir this well and then put to one side .
Yup , Stir this well and then put to one side .
Um , Stir this well and then put to one side .
Ah , Stir this well and then put to one side .
Indeed , Stir this well and then put to one side .
In fact , Stir this well and then put to one side .
Actually , Stir this well and then put to one side .

original sen: 
The mixture will now curdle and this is what should be happening .
Oh , The mixture will now curdle and this is what should be happening .
Yup , The mixture will now curdle and this is what should be happening .
Um , The mixture will now curdle and this is what should be happening .
Ah , The mixture will now curdle and this is what should be happening .
Indeed , The mixture will now curdle and this is what should be happening .
In fact , The mixture will now curdle and this is what should be happening .
Actually , The mixture will now curdle and this is what should be happening .

original sen: 
If you want chocolate cupcakes , add cocoa ( about 1/2 cup ) to this stage .
Oh , If you want chocolate cupcakes , add cocoa ( about 1/2 cup ) to this stage .
Yup , If you want chocolate cupcakes , add cocoa ( about 1/2 cup ) to this stage .
Um , If you want chocolate cupcakes , add cocoa ( about 1/2 cup ) to this stage .
Ah , If you want chocolate cupcakes , add cocoa ( about 1/2 cup ) to this stage .
Indeed , If you want chocolate cupcakes , add cocoa ( about 1/2 cup ) to this stage .
In fact , If you want chocolate cupcakes , add cocoa ( about 1/2 cup ) to this stage .
Actually , If you want chocolate cupcakes , add cocoa ( about 1/2 cup ) to this stage .

original sen: 
Mix together .
Oh , Mix together .
Yup , Mix together .
Um , Mix together .
Ah , Mix together .
Indeed , Mix together .
In fact , Mix together .
Actually , Mix together .

original sen: 
Fill the muffin pan .
Oh , Fill the muffin pan .
Yup , Fill the muffin pan .
Um , Fill the muffin pan .
Ah , Fill the muffin pan .
Indeed , Fill the muffin pan .
In fact , Fill the muffin pan .
Actually , Fill the muffin pan .

original sen: 
Usually fill each paper cupcake holder with about 1/4 cup of batter .
Oh , Usually fill each paper cupcake holder with about 1/4 cup of batter .
Yup , Usually fill each paper cupcake holder with about 1/4 cup of batter .
Um , Usually fill each paper cupcake holder with about 1/4 cup of batter .
Ah , Usually fill each paper cupcake holder with about 1/4 cup of batter .
Indeed , Usually fill each paper cupcake holder with about 1/4 cup of batter .
In fact , Usually fill each paper cupcake holder with about 1/4 cup of batter .
Actually , Usually fill each paper cupcake holder with about 1/4 cup of batter .

original sen: 
Bake for 18 - 20 minutes .
Oh , Bake for 18 - 20 minutes .
Yup , Bake for 18 - 20 minutes .
Um , Bake for 18 - 20 minutes .
Ah , Bake for 18 - 20 minutes .
Indeed , Bake for 18 - 20 minutes .
In fact , Bake for 18 - 20 minutes .
Actually , Bake for 18 - 20 minutes .

original sen: 
If you are n't certain , turn off the oven earlier and let them sit for a few more minutes rather than bake them into rocks .
Oh , If you are n't certain , turn off the oven earlier and let them sit for a few more minutes rather than bake them into rocks .
Yup , If you are n't certain , turn off the oven earlier and let them sit for a few more minutes rather than bake them into rocks .
Um , If you are n't certain , turn off the oven earlier and let them sit for a few more minutes rather than bake them into rocks .
Ah , If you are n't certain , turn off the oven earlier and let them sit for a few more minutes rather than bake them into rocks .
Indeed , If you are n't certain , turn off the oven earlier and let them sit for a few more minutes rather than bake them into rocks .
In fact , If you are n't certain , turn off the oven earlier and let them sit for a few more minutes rather than bake them into rocks .
Actually , If you are n't certain , turn off the oven earlier and let them sit for a few more minutes rather than bake them into rocks .

original sen: 
Ice the cupcakes .
Oh , Ice the cupcakes .
Yup , Ice the cupcakes .
Um , Ice the cupcakes .
Ah , Ice the cupcakes .
Indeed , Ice the cupcakes .
In fact , Ice the cupcakes .
Actually , Ice the cupcakes .

original sen: 
Finished .
Oh , Finished .
Yup , Finished .
Um , Finished .
Ah , Finished .
Indeed , Finished .
In fact , Finished .
Actually , Finished .

original sen: 
If using a silicone cupcake sheet , simply have it ready .
Oh , If using a silicone cupcake sheet , simply have it ready .
Yup , If using a silicone cupcake sheet , simply have it ready .
Um , If using a silicone cupcake sheet , simply have it ready .
Ah , If using a silicone cupcake sheet , simply have it ready .
Indeed , If using a silicone cupcake sheet , simply have it ready .
In fact , If using a silicone cupcake sheet , simply have it ready .
Actually , If using a silicone cupcake sheet , simply have it ready .

original sen: 
Mix to combine .
Oh , Mix to combine .
Yup , Mix to combine .
Um , Mix to combine .
Ah , Mix to combine .
Indeed , Mix to combine .
In fact , Mix to combine .
Actually , Mix to combine .

original sen: 
Pour the soy milk , vinegar , sugar , oil and vanilla into another bowl .
Oh , Pour the soy milk , vinegar , sugar , oil and vanilla into another bowl .
Yup , Pour the soy milk , vinegar , sugar , oil and vanilla into another bowl .
Um , Pour the soy milk , vinegar , sugar , oil and vanilla into another bowl .
Ah , Pour the soy milk , vinegar , sugar , oil and vanilla into another bowl .
Indeed , Pour the soy milk , vinegar , sugar , oil and vanilla into another bowl .
In fact , Pour the soy milk , vinegar , sugar , oil and vanilla into another bowl .
Actually , Pour the soy milk , vinegar , sugar , oil and vanilla into another bowl .

original sen: 
Whisk together well .
Oh , Whisk together well .
Yup , Whisk together well .
Um , Whisk together well .
Ah , Whisk together well .
Indeed , Whisk together well .
In fact , Whisk together well .
Actually , Whisk together well .

original sen: 
Stir to combine thoroughly .
Oh , Stir to combine thoroughly .
Yup , Stir to combine thoroughly .
Um , Stir to combine thoroughly .
Ah , Stir to combine thoroughly .
Indeed , Stir to combine thoroughly .
In fact , Stir to combine thoroughly .
Actually , Stir to combine thoroughly .

original sen: 
Pour into the cupcake cases or cupcake holes .
Oh , Pour into the cupcake cases or cupcake holes .
Yup , Pour into the cupcake cases or cupcake holes .
Um , Pour into the cupcake cases or cupcake holes .
Ah , Pour into the cupcake cases or cupcake holes .
Indeed , Pour into the cupcake cases or cupcake holes .
In fact , Pour into the cupcake cases or cupcake holes .
Actually , Pour into the cupcake cases or cupcake holes .

original sen: 
Place into the oven .
Oh , Place into the oven .
Yup , Place into the oven .
Um , Place into the oven .
Ah , Place into the oven .
Indeed , Place into the oven .
In fact , Place into the oven .
Actually , Place into the oven .

original sen: 
Bake for 20 to 25 minutes .
Oh , Bake for 20 to 25 minutes .
Yup , Bake for 20 to 25 minutes .
Um , Bake for 20 to 25 minutes .
Ah , Bake for 20 to 25 minutes .
Indeed , Bake for 20 to 25 minutes .
In fact , Bake for 20 to 25 minutes .
Actually , Bake for 20 to 25 minutes .

original sen: 
Remove from the oven .
Oh , Remove from the oven .
Yup , Remove from the oven .
Um , Remove from the oven .
Ah , Remove from the oven .
Indeed , Remove from the oven .
In fact , Remove from the oven .
Actually , Remove from the oven .

original sen: 
Tips
Oh , Tips
Yup , Tips
Um , Tips
Ah , Tips
Indeed , Tips
In fact , Tips
Actually , Tips

original sen: 
You can add pureed fruit for delicious flavor changes .
Oh , You can add pureed fruit for delicious flavor changes .
Yup , You can add pureed fruit for delicious flavor changes .
Um , You can add pureed fruit for delicious flavor changes .
Ah , You can add pureed fruit for delicious flavor changes .
Indeed , You can add pureed fruit for delicious flavor changes .
In fact , You can add pureed fruit for delicious flavor changes .
Actually , You can add pureed fruit for delicious flavor changes .

original sen: 
Try strawberry , apple , banana , apricot , peach etc .
Oh , Try strawberry , apple , banana , apricot , peach etc .
Yup , Try strawberry , apple , banana , apricot , peach etc .
Um , Try strawberry , apple , banana , apricot , peach etc .
Ah , Try strawberry , apple , banana , apricot , peach etc .
Indeed , Try strawberry , apple , banana , apricot , peach etc .
In fact , Try strawberry , apple , banana , apricot , peach etc .
Actually , Try strawberry , apple , banana , apricot , peach etc .

original sen: 
The cupcakes will not be as light and fluffy , however , so be prepared for a heavier cupcake if you add fruit but the added moisture content is a definite plus .
Oh , The cupcakes will not be as light and fluffy , however , so be prepared for a heavier cupcake if you add fruit but the added moisture content is a definite plus .
Yup , The cupcakes will not be as light and fluffy , however , so be prepared for a heavier cupcake if you add fruit but the added moisture content is a definite plus .
Um , The cupcakes will not be as light and fluffy , however , so be prepared for a heavier cupcake if you add fruit but the added moisture content is a definite plus .
Ah , The cupcakes will not be as light and fluffy , however , so be prepared for a heavier cupcake if you add fruit but the added moisture content is a definite plus .
Indeed , The cupcakes will not be as light and fluffy , however , so be prepared for a heavier cupcake if you add fruit but the added moisture content is a definite plus .
In fact , The cupcakes will not be as light and fluffy , however , so be prepared for a heavier cupcake if you add fruit but the added moisture content is a definite plus .
Actually , The cupcakes will not be as light and fluffy , however , so be prepared for a heavier cupcake if you add fruit but the added moisture content is a definite plus .

original sen: 
Coconut oil also produces good results .
Oh , Coconut oil also produces good results .
Yup , Coconut oil also produces good results .
Um , Coconut oil also produces good results .
Ah , Coconut oil also produces good results .
Indeed , Coconut oil also produces good results .
In fact , Coconut oil also produces good results .
Actually , Coconut oil also produces good results .

original sen: 
You can replace the plain soy milk with other flavors like chocolate or vanilla if you want to experiment with changing the flavor of the cupcakes .
Oh , You can replace the plain soy milk with other flavors like chocolate or vanilla if you want to experiment with changing the flavor of the cupcakes .
Yup , You can replace the plain soy milk with other flavors like chocolate or vanilla if you want to experiment with changing the flavor of the cupcakes .
Um , You can replace the plain soy milk with other flavors like chocolate or vanilla if you want to experiment with changing the flavor of the cupcakes .
Ah , You can replace the plain soy milk with other flavors like chocolate or vanilla if you want to experiment with changing the flavor of the cupcakes .
Indeed , You can replace the plain soy milk with other flavors like chocolate or vanilla if you want to experiment with changing the flavor of the cupcakes .
In fact , You can replace the plain soy milk with other flavors like chocolate or vanilla if you want to experiment with changing the flavor of the cupcakes .
Actually , You can replace the plain soy milk with other flavors like chocolate or vanilla if you want to experiment with changing the flavor of the cupcakes .

original sen: 
Having mice in your home is both a nuisance and a health hazard .
Oh , Having mice in your home is both a nuisance and a health hazard .
Yup , Having mice in your home is both a nuisance and a health hazard .
Um , Having mice in your home is both a nuisance and a health hazard .
Ah , Having mice in your home is both a nuisance and a health hazard .
Indeed , Having mice in your home is both a nuisance and a health hazard .
In fact , Having mice in your home is both a nuisance and a health hazard .
Actually , Having mice in your home is both a nuisance and a health hazard .

original sen: 
They can cause property damage , create a mess , and produce unpleasant smells .
Oh , They can cause property damage , create a mess , and produce unpleasant smells .
Yup , They can cause property damage , create a mess , and produce unpleasant smells .
Um , They can cause property damage , create a mess , and produce unpleasant smells .
Ah , They can cause property damage , create a mess , and produce unpleasant smells .
Indeed , They can cause property damage , create a mess , and produce unpleasant smells .
In fact , They can cause property damage , create a mess , and produce unpleasant smells .
Actually , They can cause property damage , create a mess , and produce unpleasant smells .

original sen: 
In addition , repelling and removing rodents from your home can be a hassle if you do n't know what you are doing .
Oh , In addition , repelling and removing rodents from your home can be a hassle if you do n't know what you are doing .
Yup , In addition , repelling and removing rodents from your home can be a hassle if you do n't know what you are doing .
Um , In addition , repelling and removing rodents from your home can be a hassle if you do n't know what you are doing .
Ah , In addition , repelling and removing rodents from your home can be a hassle if you do n't know what you are doing .
Indeed , In addition , repelling and removing rodents from your home can be a hassle if you do n't know what you are doing .
In fact , In addition , repelling and removing rodents from your home can be a hassle if you do n't know what you are doing .
Actually , In addition , repelling and removing rodents from your home can be a hassle if you do n't know what you are doing .

original sen: 
It can also be dangerous if you use toxic chemicals and poisons .
Oh , It can also be dangerous if you use toxic chemicals and poisons .
Yup , It can also be dangerous if you use toxic chemicals and poisons .
Um , It can also be dangerous if you use toxic chemicals and poisons .
Ah , It can also be dangerous if you use toxic chemicals and poisons .
Indeed , It can also be dangerous if you use toxic chemicals and poisons .
In fact , It can also be dangerous if you use toxic chemicals and poisons .
Actually , It can also be dangerous if you use toxic chemicals and poisons .

original sen: 
It 's a good thing , then , that there are some simple ways to effectively get mice out of your home without the use of toxic chemicals and poisons .
Oh , It 's a good thing , then , that there are some simple ways to effectively get mice out of your home without the use of toxic chemicals and poisons .
Yup , It 's a good thing , then , that there are some simple ways to effectively get mice out of your home without the use of toxic chemicals and poisons .
Um , It 's a good thing , then , that there are some simple ways to effectively get mice out of your home without the use of toxic chemicals and poisons .
Ah , It 's a good thing , then , that there are some simple ways to effectively get mice out of your home without the use of toxic chemicals and poisons .
Indeed , It 's a good thing , then , that there are some simple ways to effectively get mice out of your home without the use of toxic chemicals and poisons .
In fact , It 's a good thing , then , that there are some simple ways to effectively get mice out of your home without the use of toxic chemicals and poisons .
Actually , It 's a good thing , then , that there are some simple ways to effectively get mice out of your home without the use of toxic chemicals and poisons .

original sen: 
Method 1 Discouraging Mice Naturally
Oh , Method 1 Discouraging Mice Naturally
Yup , Method 1 Discouraging Mice Naturally
Um , Method 1 Discouraging Mice Naturally
Ah , Method 1 Discouraging Mice Naturally
Indeed , Method 1 Discouraging Mice Naturally
In fact , Method 1 Discouraging Mice Naturally
Actually , Method 1 Discouraging Mice Naturally

original sen: 
Keep your home clean .
Oh , Keep your home clean .
Yup , Keep your home clean .
Um , Keep your home clean .
Ah , Keep your home clean .
Indeed , Keep your home clean .
In fact , Keep your home clean .
Actually , Keep your home clean .

original sen: 
Many times mice are drawn into homes on the search for food .
Oh , Many times mice are drawn into homes on the search for food .
Yup , Many times mice are drawn into homes on the search for food .
Um , Many times mice are drawn into homes on the search for food .
Ah , Many times mice are drawn into homes on the search for food .
Indeed , Many times mice are drawn into homes on the search for food .
In fact , Many times mice are drawn into homes on the search for food .
Actually , Many times mice are drawn into homes on the search for food .

original sen: 
Keep all food stored properly in airtight containers or in places that are safe from mouse attack . [ 1 ]
Oh , Keep all food stored properly in airtight containers or in places that are safe from mouse attack . [ 1 ]
Yup , Keep all food stored properly in airtight containers or in places that are safe from mouse attack . [ 1 ]
Um , Keep all food stored properly in airtight containers or in places that are safe from mouse attack . [ 1 ]
Ah , Keep all food stored properly in airtight containers or in places that are safe from mouse attack . [ 1 ]
Indeed , Keep all food stored properly in airtight containers or in places that are safe from mouse attack . [ 1 ]
In fact , Keep all food stored properly in airtight containers or in places that are safe from mouse attack . [ 1 ]
Actually , Keep all food stored properly in airtight containers or in places that are safe from mouse attack . [ 1 ]

original sen: 
Apply peppermint oil .
Oh , Apply peppermint oil .
Yup , Apply peppermint oil .
Um , Apply peppermint oil .
Ah , Apply peppermint oil .
Indeed , Apply peppermint oil .
In fact , Apply peppermint oil .
Actually , Apply peppermint oil .

original sen: 
Peppermint oil is a natural deterrent .
Oh , Peppermint oil is a natural deterrent .
Yup , Peppermint oil is a natural deterrent .
Um , Peppermint oil is a natural deterrent .
Ah , Peppermint oil is a natural deterrent .
Indeed , Peppermint oil is a natural deterrent .
In fact , Peppermint oil is a natural deterrent .
Actually , Peppermint oil is a natural deterrent .

original sen: 
The smell is simply too intense for rodents and they will not try to go near it .
Oh , The smell is simply too intense for rodents and they will not try to go near it .
Yup , The smell is simply too intense for rodents and they will not try to go near it .
Um , The smell is simply too intense for rodents and they will not try to go near it .
Ah , The smell is simply too intense for rodents and they will not try to go near it .
Indeed , The smell is simply too intense for rodents and they will not try to go near it .
In fact , The smell is simply too intense for rodents and they will not try to go near it .
Actually , The smell is simply too intense for rodents and they will not try to go near it .

original sen: 
It also helps to mask the scent of any tasty morsels that have been missed when cleaning .
Oh , It also helps to mask the scent of any tasty morsels that have been missed when cleaning .
Yup , It also helps to mask the scent of any tasty morsels that have been missed when cleaning .
Um , It also helps to mask the scent of any tasty morsels that have been missed when cleaning .
Ah , It also helps to mask the scent of any tasty morsels that have been missed when cleaning .
Indeed , It also helps to mask the scent of any tasty morsels that have been missed when cleaning .
In fact , It also helps to mask the scent of any tasty morsels that have been missed when cleaning .
Actually , It also helps to mask the scent of any tasty morsels that have been missed when cleaning .

original sen: 
You can get peppermint oil in most health food stores and even some major grocery stores . [ 2 ]
Oh , You can get peppermint oil in most health food stores and even some major grocery stores . [ 2 ]
Yup , You can get peppermint oil in most health food stores and even some major grocery stores . [ 2 ]
Um , You can get peppermint oil in most health food stores and even some major grocery stores . [ 2 ]
Ah , You can get peppermint oil in most health food stores and even some major grocery stores . [ 2 ]
Indeed , You can get peppermint oil in most health food stores and even some major grocery stores . [ 2 ]
In fact , You can get peppermint oil in most health food stores and even some major grocery stores . [ 2 ]
Actually , You can get peppermint oil in most health food stores and even some major grocery stores . [ 2 ]

original sen: 
Place a drop or two on a cotton ball .
Oh , Place a drop or two on a cotton ball .
Yup , Place a drop or two on a cotton ball .
Um , Place a drop or two on a cotton ball .
Ah , Place a drop or two on a cotton ball .
Indeed , Place a drop or two on a cotton ball .
In fact , Place a drop or two on a cotton ball .
Actually , Place a drop or two on a cotton ball .

original sen: 
Place the cotton balls in areas where mice are likely to enter your house , by doorways , or heat vents , etc .
Oh , Place the cotton balls in areas where mice are likely to enter your house , by doorways , or heat vents , etc .
Yup , Place the cotton balls in areas where mice are likely to enter your house , by doorways , or heat vents , etc .
Um , Place the cotton balls in areas where mice are likely to enter your house , by doorways , or heat vents , etc .
Ah , Place the cotton balls in areas where mice are likely to enter your house , by doorways , or heat vents , etc .
Indeed , Place the cotton balls in areas where mice are likely to enter your house , by doorways , or heat vents , etc .
In fact , Place the cotton balls in areas where mice are likely to enter your house , by doorways , or heat vents , etc .
Actually , Place the cotton balls in areas where mice are likely to enter your house , by doorways , or heat vents , etc .

original sen: 
Peppermint oil cotton balls need to be replaced after 5 - 7 days , depending upon the quantity of oil you put on it .
Oh , Peppermint oil cotton balls need to be replaced after 5 - 7 days , depending upon the quantity of oil you put on it .
Yup , Peppermint oil cotton balls need to be replaced after 5 - 7 days , depending upon the quantity of oil you put on it .
Um , Peppermint oil cotton balls need to be replaced after 5 - 7 days , depending upon the quantity of oil you put on it .
Ah , Peppermint oil cotton balls need to be replaced after 5 - 7 days , depending upon the quantity of oil you put on it .
Indeed , Peppermint oil cotton balls need to be replaced after 5 - 7 days , depending upon the quantity of oil you put on it .
In fact , Peppermint oil cotton balls need to be replaced after 5 - 7 days , depending upon the quantity of oil you put on it .
Actually , Peppermint oil cotton balls need to be replaced after 5 - 7 days , depending upon the quantity of oil you put on it .

original sen: 
Try growing peppermint plants near the entryways .
Oh , Try growing peppermint plants near the entryways .
Yup , Try growing peppermint plants near the entryways .
Um , Try growing peppermint plants near the entryways .
Ah , Try growing peppermint plants near the entryways .
Indeed , Try growing peppermint plants near the entryways .
In fact , Try growing peppermint plants near the entryways .
Actually , Try growing peppermint plants near the entryways .

original sen: 
You can use the mint in cooking , as well as it serving a deterrent purpose .
Oh , You can use the mint in cooking , as well as it serving a deterrent purpose .
Yup , You can use the mint in cooking , as well as it serving a deterrent purpose .
Um , You can use the mint in cooking , as well as it serving a deterrent purpose .
Ah , You can use the mint in cooking , as well as it serving a deterrent purpose .
Indeed , You can use the mint in cooking , as well as it serving a deterrent purpose .
In fact , You can use the mint in cooking , as well as it serving a deterrent purpose .
Actually , You can use the mint in cooking , as well as it serving a deterrent purpose .

original sen: 
Use dried snake feces .
Oh , Use dried snake feces .
Yup , Use dried snake feces .
Um , Use dried snake feces .
Ah , Use dried snake feces .
Indeed , Use dried snake feces .
In fact , Use dried snake feces .
Actually , Use dried snake feces .

original sen: 
Visit a local reptile center , zoo , or pet store and ask for some dried snake poo .
Oh , Visit a local reptile center , zoo , or pet store and ask for some dried snake poo .
Yup , Visit a local reptile center , zoo , or pet store and ask for some dried snake poo .
Um , Visit a local reptile center , zoo , or pet store and ask for some dried snake poo .
Ah , Visit a local reptile center , zoo , or pet store and ask for some dried snake poo .
Indeed , Visit a local reptile center , zoo , or pet store and ask for some dried snake poo .
In fact , Visit a local reptile center , zoo , or pet store and ask for some dried snake poo .
Actually , Visit a local reptile center , zoo , or pet store and ask for some dried snake poo .

original sen: 
Place near entrances and in places where mice seem to go .
Oh , Place near entrances and in places where mice seem to go .
Yup , Place near entrances and in places where mice seem to go .
Um , Place near entrances and in places where mice seem to go .
Ah , Place near entrances and in places where mice seem to go .
Indeed , Place near entrances and in places where mice seem to go .
In fact , Place near entrances and in places where mice seem to go .
Actually , Place near entrances and in places where mice seem to go .

original sen: 
This will keep mice away . [ 3 ]
Oh , This will keep mice away . [ 3 ]
Yup , This will keep mice away . [ 3 ]
Um , This will keep mice away . [ 3 ]
Ah , This will keep mice away . [ 3 ]
Indeed , This will keep mice away . [ 3 ]
In fact , This will keep mice away . [ 3 ]
Actually , This will keep mice away . [ 3 ]

original sen: 
Be sure to keep the feces out of the reach of children and pets .
Oh , Be sure to keep the feces out of the reach of children and pets .
Yup , Be sure to keep the feces out of the reach of children and pets .
Um , Be sure to keep the feces out of the reach of children and pets .
Ah , Be sure to keep the feces out of the reach of children and pets .
Indeed , Be sure to keep the feces out of the reach of children and pets .
In fact , Be sure to keep the feces out of the reach of children and pets .
Actually , Be sure to keep the feces out of the reach of children and pets .

original sen: 
Zap mice with ultrasonic sounds .
Oh , Zap mice with ultrasonic sounds .
Yup , Zap mice with ultrasonic sounds .
Um , Zap mice with ultrasonic sounds .
Ah , Zap mice with ultrasonic sounds .
Indeed , Zap mice with ultrasonic sounds .
In fact , Zap mice with ultrasonic sounds .
Actually , Zap mice with ultrasonic sounds .

original sen: 
They should be available at your local home improvement store or online .
Oh , They should be available at your local home improvement store or online .
Yup , They should be available at your local home improvement store or online .
Um , They should be available at your local home improvement store or online .
Ah , They should be available at your local home improvement store or online .
Indeed , They should be available at your local home improvement store or online .
In fact , They should be available at your local home improvement store or online .
Actually , They should be available at your local home improvement store or online .

original sen: 
The units may only work for a short time because mice can become used to them . [ 4 ]
Oh , The units may only work for a short time because mice can become used to them . [ 4 ]
Yup , The units may only work for a short time because mice can become used to them . [ 4 ]
Um , The units may only work for a short time because mice can become used to them . [ 4 ]
Ah , The units may only work for a short time because mice can become used to them . [ 4 ]
Indeed , The units may only work for a short time because mice can become used to them . [ 4 ]
In fact , The units may only work for a short time because mice can become used to them . [ 4 ]
Actually , The units may only work for a short time because mice can become used to them . [ 4 ]

original sen: 
Use a commercial , organic deterrent .
Oh , Use a commercial , organic deterrent .
Yup , Use a commercial , organic deterrent .
Um , Use a commercial , organic deterrent .
Ah , Use a commercial , organic deterrent .
Indeed , Use a commercial , organic deterrent .
In fact , Use a commercial , organic deterrent .
Actually , Use a commercial , organic deterrent .

original sen: 
Many of these products use natural ingredients , such as peppermint , that are known to be disagreeable to mice .
Oh , Many of these products use natural ingredients , such as peppermint , that are known to be disagreeable to mice .
Yup , Many of these products use natural ingredients , such as peppermint , that are known to be disagreeable to mice .
Um , Many of these products use natural ingredients , such as peppermint , that are known to be disagreeable to mice .
Ah , Many of these products use natural ingredients , such as peppermint , that are known to be disagreeable to mice .
Indeed , Many of these products use natural ingredients , such as peppermint , that are known to be disagreeable to mice .
In fact , Many of these products use natural ingredients , such as peppermint , that are known to be disagreeable to mice .
Actually , Many of these products use natural ingredients , such as peppermint , that are known to be disagreeable to mice .

original sen: 
They will not kill mice but they should keep them out of areas where the product is applied .
Oh , They will not kill mice but they should keep them out of areas where the product is applied .
Yup , They will not kill mice but they should keep them out of areas where the product is applied .
Um , They will not kill mice but they should keep them out of areas where the product is applied .
Ah , They will not kill mice but they should keep them out of areas where the product is applied .
Indeed , They will not kill mice but they should keep them out of areas where the product is applied .
In fact , They will not kill mice but they should keep them out of areas where the product is applied .
Actually , They will not kill mice but they should keep them out of areas where the product is applied .

original sen: 
These products should be available at your local gardening or home improvement center .
Oh , These products should be available at your local gardening or home improvement center .
Yup , These products should be available at your local gardening or home improvement center .
Um , These products should be available at your local gardening or home improvement center .
Ah , These products should be available at your local gardening or home improvement center .
Indeed , These products should be available at your local gardening or home improvement center .
In fact , These products should be available at your local gardening or home improvement center .
Actually , These products should be available at your local gardening or home improvement center .

original sen: 
If you want a specific product , try doing a online search to see where it is available locally .
Oh , If you want a specific product , try doing a online search to see where it is available locally .
Yup , If you want a specific product , try doing a online search to see where it is available locally .
Um , If you want a specific product , try doing a online search to see where it is available locally .
Ah , If you want a specific product , try doing a online search to see where it is available locally .
Indeed , If you want a specific product , try doing a online search to see where it is available locally .
In fact , If you want a specific product , try doing a online search to see where it is available locally .
Actually , If you want a specific product , try doing a online search to see where it is available locally .

original sen: 
Get a cat .
Oh , Get a cat .
Yup , Get a cat .
Um , Get a cat .
Ah , Get a cat .
Indeed , Get a cat .
In fact , Get a cat .
Actually , Get a cat .

original sen: 
A house cat can take care of the problem .
Oh , A house cat can take care of the problem .
Yup , A house cat can take care of the problem .
Um , A house cat can take care of the problem .
Ah , A house cat can take care of the problem .
Indeed , A house cat can take care of the problem .
In fact , A house cat can take care of the problem .
Actually , A house cat can take care of the problem .

original sen: 
Cats that spend time outdoors are more likely to hunt to find their own food and may track down that mouse .
Oh , Cats that spend time outdoors are more likely to hunt to find their own food and may track down that mouse .
Yup , Cats that spend time outdoors are more likely to hunt to find their own food and may track down that mouse .
Um , Cats that spend time outdoors are more likely to hunt to find their own food and may track down that mouse .
Ah , Cats that spend time outdoors are more likely to hunt to find their own food and may track down that mouse .
Indeed , Cats that spend time outdoors are more likely to hunt to find their own food and may track down that mouse .
In fact , Cats that spend time outdoors are more likely to hunt to find their own food and may track down that mouse .
Actually , Cats that spend time outdoors are more likely to hunt to find their own food and may track down that mouse .

original sen: 
Just be aware , not all cats have enough energy , interest or training to hunt mice .
Oh , Just be aware , not all cats have enough energy , interest or training to hunt mice .
Yup , Just be aware , not all cats have enough energy , interest or training to hunt mice .
Um , Just be aware , not all cats have enough energy , interest or training to hunt mice .
Ah , Just be aware , not all cats have enough energy , interest or training to hunt mice .
Indeed , Just be aware , not all cats have enough energy , interest or training to hunt mice .
In fact , Just be aware , not all cats have enough energy , interest or training to hunt mice .
Actually , Just be aware , not all cats have enough energy , interest or training to hunt mice .

original sen: 
Kittens typically have to be taught by the mother to easily become a mouser .
Oh , Kittens typically have to be taught by the mother to easily become a mouser .
Yup , Kittens typically have to be taught by the mother to easily become a mouser .
Um , Kittens typically have to be taught by the mother to easily become a mouser .
Ah , Kittens typically have to be taught by the mother to easily become a mouser .
Indeed , Kittens typically have to be taught by the mother to easily become a mouser .
In fact , Kittens typically have to be taught by the mother to easily become a mouser .
Actually , Kittens typically have to be taught by the mother to easily become a mouser .

original sen: 
Well-food indoor kitties might just see the mouse as a toy , and grow quickly bored of it after scaring it half witless .
Oh , Well-food indoor kitties might just see the mouse as a toy , and grow quickly bored of it after scaring it half witless .
Yup , Well-food indoor kitties might just see the mouse as a toy , and grow quickly bored of it after scaring it half witless .
Um , Well-food indoor kitties might just see the mouse as a toy , and grow quickly bored of it after scaring it half witless .
Ah , Well-food indoor kitties might just see the mouse as a toy , and grow quickly bored of it after scaring it half witless .
Indeed , Well-food indoor kitties might just see the mouse as a toy , and grow quickly bored of it after scaring it half witless .
In fact , Well-food indoor kitties might just see the mouse as a toy , and grow quickly bored of it after scaring it half witless .
Actually , Well-food indoor kitties might just see the mouse as a toy , and grow quickly bored of it after scaring it half witless .

original sen: 
Shelters and adoption agencies often do not know if a cat is a good mouse hunter , and generally do not test for this .
Oh , Shelters and adoption agencies often do not know if a cat is a good mouse hunter , and generally do not test for this .
Yup , Shelters and adoption agencies often do not know if a cat is a good mouse hunter , and generally do not test for this .
Um , Shelters and adoption agencies often do not know if a cat is a good mouse hunter , and generally do not test for this .
Ah , Shelters and adoption agencies often do not know if a cat is a good mouse hunter , and generally do not test for this .
Indeed , Shelters and adoption agencies often do not know if a cat is a good mouse hunter , and generally do not test for this .
In fact , Shelters and adoption agencies often do not know if a cat is a good mouse hunter , and generally do not test for this .
Actually , Shelters and adoption agencies often do not know if a cat is a good mouse hunter , and generally do not test for this .

original sen: 
Sometimes this information is available , but usually not .
Oh , Sometimes this information is available , but usually not .
Yup , Sometimes this information is available , but usually not .
Um , Sometimes this information is available , but usually not .
Ah , Sometimes this information is available , but usually not .
Indeed , Sometimes this information is available , but usually not .
In fact , Sometimes this information is available , but usually not .
Actually , Sometimes this information is available , but usually not .

original sen: 
Even if you do not have a cat , you can use used kitty litter to deter mice .
Oh , Even if you do not have a cat , you can use used kitty litter to deter mice .
Yup , Even if you do not have a cat , you can use used kitty litter to deter mice .
Um , Even if you do not have a cat , you can use used kitty litter to deter mice .
Ah , Even if you do not have a cat , you can use used kitty litter to deter mice .
Indeed , Even if you do not have a cat , you can use used kitty litter to deter mice .
In fact , Even if you do not have a cat , you can use used kitty litter to deter mice .
Actually , Even if you do not have a cat , you can use used kitty litter to deter mice .

original sen: 
Place tubs of used kitty litter around entrances of the house .
Oh , Place tubs of used kitty litter around entrances of the house .
Yup , Place tubs of used kitty litter around entrances of the house .
Um , Place tubs of used kitty litter around entrances of the house .
Ah , Place tubs of used kitty litter around entrances of the house .
Indeed , Place tubs of used kitty litter around entrances of the house .
In fact , Place tubs of used kitty litter around entrances of the house .
Actually , Place tubs of used kitty litter around entrances of the house .

original sen: 
The mice will sniff the smell of cat urine and clear off in a jiffy .
Oh , The mice will sniff the smell of cat urine and clear off in a jiffy .
Yup , The mice will sniff the smell of cat urine and clear off in a jiffy .
Um , The mice will sniff the smell of cat urine and clear off in a jiffy .
Ah , The mice will sniff the smell of cat urine and clear off in a jiffy .
Indeed , The mice will sniff the smell of cat urine and clear off in a jiffy .
In fact , The mice will sniff the smell of cat urine and clear off in a jiffy .
Actually , The mice will sniff the smell of cat urine and clear off in a jiffy .

original sen: 
If you have a large infestation , a cat may not be enough to totally get rid of it .
Oh , If you have a large infestation , a cat may not be enough to totally get rid of it .
Yup , If you have a large infestation , a cat may not be enough to totally get rid of it .
Um , If you have a large infestation , a cat may not be enough to totally get rid of it .
Ah , If you have a large infestation , a cat may not be enough to totally get rid of it .
Indeed , If you have a large infestation , a cat may not be enough to totally get rid of it .
In fact , If you have a large infestation , a cat may not be enough to totally get rid of it .
Actually , If you have a large infestation , a cat may not be enough to totally get rid of it .

original sen: 
Put your trash cans far from your home .
Oh , Put your trash cans far from your home .
Yup , Put your trash cans far from your home .
Um , Put your trash cans far from your home .
Ah , Put your trash cans far from your home .
Indeed , Put your trash cans far from your home .
In fact , Put your trash cans far from your home .
Actually , Put your trash cans far from your home .

original sen: 
Mice smell garbage and get attracted to your house .
Oh , Mice smell garbage and get attracted to your house .
Yup , Mice smell garbage and get attracted to your house .
Um , Mice smell garbage and get attracted to your house .
Ah , Mice smell garbage and get attracted to your house .
Indeed , Mice smell garbage and get attracted to your house .
In fact , Mice smell garbage and get attracted to your house .
Actually , Mice smell garbage and get attracted to your house .

original sen: 
If you keep the cans away from the house , they are less likely to take up residence in your home .
Oh , If you keep the cans away from the house , they are less likely to take up residence in your home .
Yup , If you keep the cans away from the house , they are less likely to take up residence in your home .
Um , If you keep the cans away from the house , they are less likely to take up residence in your home .
Ah , If you keep the cans away from the house , they are less likely to take up residence in your home .
Indeed , If you keep the cans away from the house , they are less likely to take up residence in your home .
In fact , If you keep the cans away from the house , they are less likely to take up residence in your home .
Actually , If you keep the cans away from the house , they are less likely to take up residence in your home .

original sen: 
This may take some time , but it 's worth the effort if you can attract a wild mouse eater to your yard . [ 6 ]
Oh , This may take some time , but it 's worth the effort if you can attract a wild mouse eater to your yard . [ 6 ]
Yup , This may take some time , but it 's worth the effort if you can attract a wild mouse eater to your yard . [ 6 ]
Um , This may take some time , but it 's worth the effort if you can attract a wild mouse eater to your yard . [ 6 ]
Ah , This may take some time , but it 's worth the effort if you can attract a wild mouse eater to your yard . [ 6 ]
Indeed , This may take some time , but it 's worth the effort if you can attract a wild mouse eater to your yard . [ 6 ]
In fact , This may take some time , but it 's worth the effort if you can attract a wild mouse eater to your yard . [ 6 ]
Actually , This may take some time , but it 's worth the effort if you can attract a wild mouse eater to your yard . [ 6 ]

original sen: 
A barn owl is the best .
Oh , A barn owl is the best .
Yup , A barn owl is the best .
Um , A barn owl is the best .
Ah , A barn owl is the best .
Indeed , A barn owl is the best .
In fact , A barn owl is the best .
Actually , A barn owl is the best .

original sen: 
A family of barn owls can eat many mice in a night !
Oh , A family of barn owls can eat many mice in a night !
Yup , A family of barn owls can eat many mice in a night !
Um , A family of barn owls can eat many mice in a night !
Ah , A family of barn owls can eat many mice in a night !
Indeed , A family of barn owls can eat many mice in a night !
In fact , A family of barn owls can eat many mice in a night !
Actually , A family of barn owls can eat many mice in a night !
